1. A company plans to establish an annual customer rewards program. The rewards customers earn differ according to various parameters, including the categories of items they order and the customers' purchase history.
The company requires a generative AI (GenAI) solution that uses three Amazon Bedrock agents to assist customers while they browse an online catalog. The agents must use knowledge bases and action groups to manage the search, recommendation, and order modules. The modules must run sequentially. An AWS Lambda function must calculate estimated rewards for every recommended item. The solution must offer graceful degradation during service disruptions.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **MOST** operational efficiency?
A. Define an Amazon API Gateway REST API behind each agent. Create a second Lambda function to orchestrate the calls to the agents and the rewards Lambda function. Configure the second Lambda function with a retry/fallback mechanism.
B. Create an AWS Step Functions state machine with four tasks that run the agents and the rewards Lambda function. Set up retry and catch branches for each of the task steps.
C. Configure each agent with a separate retry/fallback mechanism. Create a second Lambda function to orchestrate the calls to the agents and the rewards Lambda function. Define an Amazon API Gateway REST API behind the second Lambda function.
D. Create a second Lambda function to orchestrate the calls to the agents and the rewards Lambda function. Create an AWS Step Functions state machine with one task that runs the second Lambda function. Set up retry and catch branches for the task step.

2. A company uses an AWS Organizations organization with all features enabled to manage multiple AWS accounts. Employees use Amazon Bedrock in multiple accounts. The company must prevent particular topics and proprietary information from being included in prompts submitted to Amazon Bedrock models. The company must ensure that employees can use only approved Amazon Bedrock models. The company centrally administers IAM roles for employees.
Which combination of solutions will satisfy these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Create an IAM permissions boundary for each employee's IAM role. Configure the permissions boundary to require an approved Amazon Bedrock guardrail identifier to invoke Amazon Bedrock models. Create an SCP that allows employees to use only approved models.
B. Create an SCP that allows employees to use only approved models. Configure the SCP to require employees to specify a guardrail identifier in calls to invoke an approved model.
C. Create an SCP that prevents an employee from invoking a model if a centrally deployed guardrail identifier is not specified in a call to the model. Create a permissions boundary on each employee's IAM role that allows each employee to invoke only approved models.
D. Use AWS CloudFormation to create a custom Amazon Bedrock guardrail that has a block filtering policy. Use stack sets to deploy the guardrail to each account in the organization.
E. Use AWS CloudFormation to create a custom Amazon Bedrock guardrail that has a mask filtering policy. Use stack sets to deploy the guardrail to each account in the organization.

3. A company is developing a generative AI (GenAI) application that generates content from a range of internal and external data sources. The company needs to ensure that all generated output is fully traceable. The application must support registering data sources and allow metadata tagging to attribute content to its original source. It must also retain audit logs of data access and usage across the entire pipeline.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Use AWS Lake Formation to catalog data sources and control access. Apply metadata tags directly in Amazon S3. Use AWS CloudTrail to monitor API activity.
B. Use AWS Glue Data Catalog to register and tag data sources. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs to monitor access patterns and application behavior.
C. Store data in Amazon S3 and use object tagging for attribution. Use AWS Glue Data Catalog to manage schema information. Use AWS CloudTrail to log access to S3 buckets.
D. Use AWS Glue Data Catalog to register all data sources. Apply metadata tags to attribute data sources. Use AWS CloudTrail to log access and activity across services.

4. A company is developing a generative AI (GenAI) application that uses Amazon Bedrock APIs to process complex customer inquiries. During periods of peak use, the application has intermittent API timeouts that result in issues such as broken response chunks and delayed data delivery. The application has difficulty ensuring prompts stay within token limits when processing complex customer inquiries of different lengths. Users have reported truncated inputs and incomplete responses. The company has also identified foundation model (FM) invocation failures.
The company requires a retry strategy that automatically manages transient service errors and avoids overwhelming Amazon Bedrock during peak usage periods. The strategy must adapt to changing service availability and support response streaming and token-aware request handling.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Implement a standard retry strategy that uses a 1-second fixed delay between attempts and a 3-retry maximum for all errors. Handle streaming response timeouts by restarting streams. Cap token usage for each session.
B. Implement an adaptive retry strategy that uses exponential backoff with jitter and a circuit breaker pattern that temporarily disables retries when error rates exceed a predefined threshold. Implement a streaming response handler that monitors for chunk delivery timeouts. Configure the handler to buffer successfully received chunks and intelligently resume streaming from the last received chunk when connections are re-established.
C. Use the AWS SDK to configure a retry strategy in standard mode. Wrap Amazon Bedrock API calls in try-catch blocks that handle timeout exceptions. Return cached completions for failed streaming requests. Enforce a global token limit for all users. Add jitter-based retry logic and lightweight token trimming for each request. Resume broken streams by requesting only the missing chunks from the point of failure. Maintain a small in-memory buffer of the most recent chunks to minimize redundant data transfer.
D. Set Amazon Bedrock client request timeouts to 30 seconds. Implement client-side load shedding. Buffer partial results and stop new requests when the application performance begins to degrade. Set static token usage caps for all requests. Configure exponential backoff retries, dynamic chunk sizing, and context-aware token limits.

5. An enterprise application uses an Amazon Bedrock foundation model (FM) to process and analyze technical documents of 50 to 200 pages. Users experience inconsistent responses and truncated outputs when processing documents that exceed the FM's context-window limits.
Which solution will solve this problem?
A. Configure fixed-size chunking at 4,000 tokens for each chunk with 20% overlap. Use application-level logic to link multiple chunks sequentially until the FM's maximum context window of 200,000 tokens is reached before making inference calls.
B. Use hierarchical chunking with parent chunks of 8,000 tokens and child chunks of 2,000 tokens. Use Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases built-in retrieval to automatically select relevant parent chunks based on query context. Configure overlap tokens to maintain semantic continuity.
C. Use semantic chunking with a breakpoint percentile threshold of 95% and a buffer size of 3 sentences. Use the Amazon Bedrock RetrieveAndGenerate API call to dynamically select the most relevant chunks based on embedding similarity scores.
D. Create a pre-processing AWS Lambda function that analyzes document token count by using the FM's tokenizer. Configure the lambda function to split documents into equal segments that fit within 80% of the context window. Configure the Lambda function to process each segment independently before aggregating the results.

6. A retail company uses Amazon Bedrock to build a customer service AI assistant. Analysis indicates that 70% of customer inquiries are simple product questions that a smaller model can handle effectively. However, 30% of inquiries are complex return-policy questions requiring advanced reasoning. The company wants to implement a cost-effective model-selection framework that automatically routes customer inquiries to appropriate models according to inquiry complexity. The framework must preserve high customer satisfaction and minimize response latency.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** implementation effort?
A. Create a multi-stage architecture that uses a small foundation model (FM) to classify the complexity of each inquiry. Route simple inquiries to a smaller, more cost-effective model. Route complex inquiries to a larger, more capable model. Use AWS Lambda functions to handle the routing logic.
B. Use Amazon Bedrock intelligent prompt routing to automatically analyze inquiries. Route simple product inquiries to smaller models, and route complex return policy inquiries to more capable larger models.
C. Implement a single-model solution that uses an Amazon Bedrock mid-sized foundation model (FM) with on-demand pricing. Include special instructions in model prompts to handle both simple and complex inquiries by using the same model.
D. Create separate Amazon Bedrock endpoints for simple and complex inquiries. Implement a rule-based routing system based on keyword detection. Use on-demand pricing for the smaller model and provisioned throughput for the larger model.

7. A company uses AWS Lambda functions to create an AI agent solution. A GenAI developer must configure a Model Context Protocol (MCP) server that accesses user information. The GenAI developer must also configure the AI agent to use the new MCP server. The GenAI developer must ensure that only authorized users can access the MCP server.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Use a Lambda function to host the MCP server. Grant the AI agent Lambda functions permission to invoke the Lambda function that hosts the MCP server. Configure the AI agent's MCP client to invoke the MCP server asynchronously.
B. Use a Lambda function to host the MCP server. Grant the AI agent Lambda functions permission to invoke the Lambda function that hosts the MCP server. Configure the AI agent to use the STDIO transport with the MCP server.
C. Use a Lambda function to host the MCP server. Create an Amazon API Gateway HTTP API that proxies requests to the Lambda function. Configure the AI agent solution to use the Streamable HTTP transport to make requests through the HTTP API. Use Amazon Cognito to enforce OAuth 2.1.
D. Use a Lambda layer to host the MCP server. Add the Lambda layer to the AI agent Lambda functions. Configure the agentic AI solution to use the STDIO transport to send requests to the MCP server. In the AI agent's MCP configuration, specify the Lambda layer ARN as the command. Specify the user credentials as environment variables.

8. A GenAI developer is developing a Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)-based customer-support application that uses Amazon Bedrock foundation models (FMs). The application must process 50 GB of historical customer conversations stored as JSON files in an Amazon S3 bucket. It must use the processed data as its retrieval corpus.
The application's data-processing workflow must extract relevant data from customer-support documents, remove customer personally identifiable information (PII), and generate embeddings for vector storage. The workflow must be cost-effective and complete within 4 hours.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** operational overhead?
A. Use AWS Lambda and Amazon Comprehend to process files in parallel, remove PII, and call Amazon Bedrock APIs to generate vectors. Configure Lambda concurrency limits and memory settings to optimize throughput.
B. Create an AWS Glue ETL job to run PII detection scripts on the data. Use Amazon SageMaker Processing to run the HuggingFaceProcessor to generate embeddings by using a pre-trained model. Store the embeddings in Amazon OpenSearch Service.
C. Deploy an Amazon EMR cluster that runs Apache Spark with user-defined functions (UDFs) that call Amazon Comprehend to detect PII. Use Amazon Bedrock APIs to generate vectors. Store outputs in Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL with the pgvector extension.
D. Implement a data processing pipeline that uses AWS Step Functions to orchestrate a workload that uses Amazon Comprehend to detect PII and Amazon Bedrock to generate embeddings. Directly integrate the workflow with Amazon OpenSearch Serverless to store vectors and provide similarity search capabilities.

9. A company uses Amazon Bedrock to create technical content for customers. The company has recently seen a surge in hallucinated outputs when its model produces summaries of lengthy technical documents. The outputs contain incorrect or invented details. The current solution uses a large foundation model (FM) with a basic one-shot prompt that supplies the complete document in one input.
The company needs a solution that reduces hallucinations and satisfies factual-accuracy objectives. The solution must process more than 1,000 documents per hour and provide summaries within 3 seconds for each document.
Which combination of solutions meets these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Implement zero-shot chain-of-thought (CoT) instructions that require step-by-step reasoning with explicit fact verification before the model generates each summary.
B. Use Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) with an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base. Apply semantic chunking and tuned embeddings to ground summaries in source content.
C. Configure Amazon Bedrock guardrails to block any generated output that matches patterns that are associated with hallucinated content.
D. Increase the temperature parameter in Amazon Bedrock.
E. Prompt the Amazon Bedrock model to summarize each full document in one pass.

10. A company upgraded its Amazon Bedrock-powered foundation model (FM) that supports a multilingual customer service assistant. Following the upgrade, the assistant showed inconsistent behavior between languages. It started producing different responses in some languages for identical questions.
The company needs a solution to identify and remediate similar issues in future updates. The evaluation must:
- Complete within 45 minutes for every supported language.
- Process at least 15,000 test conversations concurrently.
- Be fully automated and integrated into the CI/CD pipeline.
- Prevent deployment when quality thresholds are not met.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Create a distributed traffic simulation framework that sends translation-heavy workloads to the assistant in multiple languages simultaneously. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor latency, concurrency, and throughput. Run simulations before production releases to identify infrastructure bottlenecks.
B. Deploy the assistant in multiple AWS Regions with Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing and AWS Global Accelerator to improve global performance. Store multilingual conversation logs in Amazon S3. Perform weekly post-deployment audits to review consistency.
C. Create a pre-processing pipeline that normalizes all incoming messages into a consistent format before sending the messages to the assistant. Apply rule-based checks to flag potential hallucinations in the outputs. Focus the evaluation on the normalized text to simplify testing across languages.
D. Set up standardized multilingual test conversations with identical meaning. Run the test conversations in parallel by using Amazon Bedrock model evaluation jobs. Apply similarity and hallucination thresholds. Integrate the process into the CI/CD pipeline to block releases that fail.

11. A large ecommerce company has deployed a foundation model (FM) to create product descriptions. The company’s engineering team uses Amazon CloudWatch to monitor technical metrics such as token usage, latency, and error rates. Its marketing team tracks business metrics, including conversion rates and revenue impact, in separate systems.
The company requires a unified observability solution that correlates technical performance with business outcomes. The solution must automatically alert stakeholders when operational metrics show degradation. It must also deliver comprehensive visibility across both technical and business metrics.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Create CloudWatch dashboards that include technical metrics and imported business metrics. Configure CloudWatch composite alarms that combine technical data and business data. Use Amazon SNS to set up notifications to stakeholders.
B. Use Amazon Managed Grafana to visualize technical metrics from CloudWatch with business metrics from external sources. Configure Amazon Managed Grafana alerts to invoke AWS Lambda functions. Configure the Lambda functions to remediate issues automatically when metrics exceed predefined thresholds.
C. Stream CloudWatch metrics to Amazon S3 by using CloudWatch metric streams. Create Amazon QuickSight dashboards to visualize the combined technical metrics and business metrics. Set up Amazon EventBridge rules to send notifications to stakeholders when metrics exceed predefined thresholds.
D. Configure CloudWatch custom dashboards that integrate operational metrics with imported business metrics. Set up CloudWatch composite alarms with anomaly detection. Use Amazon SNS to create alarm actions to notify stakeholders when correlated metrics indicate performance issues.

12. A financial services company is building a Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) application to help investment analysts query complex financial relationships spanning multiple investment vehicles, market sectors, and regulatory environments. The dataset includes highly interconnected entities with multi-hop relationships. Analysts must be able to review these relationships holistically to deliver accurate investment guidance. The application must provide comprehensive answers that include indirect relationships among financial entities. The application must return responses in under 3 seconds.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** operational overhead?
A. Use Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases with Graph RAG and Amazon Neptune Analytics to store the financial data. Analyze the multi-hop relationships between entities and automatically identify related information across documents.
B. Use Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases and an Amazon OpenSearch Service vector store to implement custom relationship identification logic that uses AWS Lambda functions to query multiple vector embeddings in sequence.
C. Use an Amazon OpenSearch Serverless vector database with k-nearest neighbor (k-NN) searches. Implement manual relationship mapping in an application layer that runs in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group.
D. Use Amazon DynamoDB to store financial data in a custom indexing system. Use an AWS Lambda function to query relevant records based on input questions. Use Amazon SageMaker AI to generate responses.

13. A company uses Amazon Bedrock to build an AI-powered application with a foundation model (FM) that supports cross-Region inference and provisioned throughput. The application must provide consistently low latency to users in Europe and North America. It must also comply with data-residency regulations requiring European user data to stay in Europe-based AWS Regions.
During testing, the application has service degradation when Regional traffic spikes reach service quotas. The company requires a solution that preserves application resilience while minimizing operational complexity.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Deploy separate Amazon Bedrock instances in North American and European Regions. Use a custom routing layer that directs traffic based on user location. Configure Amazon CloudWatch alarms to monitor Regional service usage. Use Amazon SNS to send email alerts to the company when usage approaches specified thresholds.
B. Use Amazon Bedrock cross-Region inference profiles by specifying geographical codes in profile IDs when the application calls the InvokeModel API. Configure separate Amazon API Gateway HTTP APIs to direct European and North American users to the appropriate Regional endpoints.
C. Deploy a multi-Region Amazon API Gateway HTTP API and AWS Lambda functions that implement retry logic to handle throttling. Configure the Lambda functions to call the FM in the nearest secondary Region when the application reaches service quotas in the primary Region. Use intelligent routing to ensure compliance with data residency requirements.
D. Configure provisioned throughput for Amazon Bedrock in multiple Regions. Implement failover logic in the application code to switch between Regions when throttling occurs. Use AWS Global Accelerator to route traffic to the appropriate endpoints based on user location.

14. A company is developing a legal-research AI assistant that uses Amazon Bedrock with an Anthropic Claude foundation model (FM). The AI assistant must retrieve highly relevant case-law documents to augment the FM’s responses. It must recognize semantic relationships among legal concepts, specific legal terminology, and citations. The AI assistant must operate quickly and return precise results.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Configure an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base to use a default vector search configuration. Use Amazon Bedrock to expand queries to improve retrieval for legal documents based on specific terminology and citations.
B. Use Amazon OpenSearch service to deploy a hybrid search architecture that combines vector search with keyword search. Apply an Amazon Bedrock reranker model to optimize result relevance.
C. Enable the Amazon Kendra query suggestion feature for end users. Use Amazon Bedrock to perform post-processing of search results to identify semantic similarity in the documents and to produce precise results.
D. Use Amazon OpenSearch Service with vector search and Amazon Bedrock Titan embeddings to index and search legal documents. Use custom AWS Lambda functions to merge results with keyword-based filters that are stored in an Amazon RDS database.

15. A company is developing a canary deployment strategy for a payment-processing API. The system must support automated, gradual traffic shifting among multiple Amazon Bedrock models based on real-time inference metrics, historical traffic patterns, and service health. The solution must be able to progressively increase traffic to new model versions. It must increase traffic when metrics stay healthy and reduce traffic when performance degrades below acceptable thresholds.
The company needs comprehensive monitoring of inference latency and error rates throughout the deployment phase. The company must also be able to stop deployments and roll back to a previous model version without manual intervention.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Use Amazon Bedrock with provisioned throughput to host the versions of the model. Configure an Amazon EventBridge rule to invoke an AWS Step Functions workflow when a new model version is released. Configure the workflow to shift traffic in stages, wait for a specified time period, and invoke an AWS Lambda function to check Amazon CloudWatch performance metrics. Configure the workflow to increase traffic if the metrics meet thresholds and to trigger a traffic rollback if performance metrics fall below thresholds.
B. Use AWS Lambda functions to invoke various Amazon Bedrock model versions. Use an Amazon API Gateway HTTP API with stage variables and weighted routing to shift traffic gradually to new model versions. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor performance metrics. Use external logic to adjust traffic between model versions and to roll back if performance falls below thresholds.
C. Use Amazon SageMaker AI endpoint variants to represent multiple Amazon Bedrock model versions. Use variant weights to shift traffic. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor performance metrics. Use SageMaker Model Monitor to trigger AWS Lambda functions to roll back a model deployment if performance drops below a specified threshold. Configure an Amazon EventBridge rule to roll back model deployments if an anomaly is detected.
D. Use Amazon OpenSearch Service to track inference logs. Configure OpenSearch Service to invoke an AWS Systems Manager Automation runbook to update Amazon Bedrock model endpoints to shift traffic based on the inference logs.

16. A company operates a recommendation system whose applications run on Amazon EC2 instances. The applications make API calls to Amazon Bedrock foundation models (FMs) to analyze customer behavior and produce personalized product recommendations.
The system is having intermittent problems. Some recommendations fail to align with customer preferences. The company requires an observability solution that monitors operational metrics and identifies patterns of operational performance degradation against established baselines. The solution must also produce alerts containing correlation data within 10 minutes when FM behavior departs from expected patterns.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Configure Amazon CloudWatch Container Insights for the application infrastructure. Set up CloudWatch alarms for latency thresholds. Add custom metrics for token counts by using the CloudWatch embedded metric format. Create CloudWatch dashboards to visualize the data.
B. Implement AWS X-Ray to trace requests through the application components. Enable CloudWatch Logs Insights for error pattern detection. Set up AWS CloudTrail to monitor all API calls to Amazon Bedrock. Create custom dashboards in Amazon QuickSight.
C. Enable Amazon CloudWatch Application Insights for the application resources. Create custom metrics for recommendation quality, token usage, and response latency by using the CloudWatch embedded metric format with dimensions for request types and user segments. Configure CloudWatch anomaly detection on the model metrics. Establish log pattern analysis by using CloudWatch Logs Insights.
D. Use Amazon OpenSearch Service with the Observability plugin. Ingest model metrics and logs by using Amazon Kinesis. Create custom Piped Processing Language (PPL) queries to analyze model behavior patterns. Establish operational dashboards to visualize anomalies in real time.

17. A company uses Amazon Bedrock to build an AI assistant that provides customer support. Analysis indicates that 40% of customer queries use different phrasing or wording to ask the same questions.
The company needs a solution that reduces redundant model calls, ensures semantically equivalent questions receive consistent answers, and provides low latency.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Deploy an Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster as an in-memory cache. Specify the query text as the partition key and the model response text as the sort key. Query the cache by using a filter expression with the LIKE operator.
B. Use Amazon Bedrock to generate embeddings from customer queries. Use Amazon MemoryDB for Valkey to store hash sets of vector embeddings and model responses. Use a RANGE query to find similar queries and their responses.
C. Deploy Amazon OpenSearch Service that has k-nearest neighbor (k-NN) capabilities to store query-response text pairs. Use an approximate k-NN technique to find similar queries and their responses.
D. Create a caching solution by using Amazon DynamoDB to create a global secondary index on the normalized query text. Apply stemming to incoming queries. Query the index of cached customer queries.

18. A medical company is developing a generative AI (GenAI) application that uses RAG to deliver evidence-based medical information. The application uses Amazon OpenSearch Service to retrieve vector embeddings. Users report that searches often miss results containing exact medical terms and acronyms, while returning too many semantically similar but irrelevant documents. The company must improve retrieval quality while keeping end-user latency low, even as the document collection scales to millions of documents.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** operational overhead?
A. Configure hybrid search by combining vector similarity with keyword matching to improve semantic understanding and exact term and acronym matching.
B. Increase the dimensions of the vector embeddings from 384 to 1536. Use a post-processing AWS Lambda function to filter out irrelevant results after retrieval.
C. Replace OpenSearch Service with Amazon Kendra. Use query expansion to handle medical acronyms and terminology variants during pre-processing.
D. Implement a two-stage retrieval architecture in which initial vector search results are re-ranked by an ML model that is hosted on Amazon SageMaker AI.

19. A company is developing an API for a generative AI (GenAI) application that uses a foundation model (FM) hosted on a managed model service. The API must stream responses to lower latency, enforce token limits to control compute resource usage, and implement retry logic for model timeouts and partial responses.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** operational overhead?
A. Integrate an Amazon API Gateway HTTP API with an AWS Lambda function to invoke Amazon Bedrock. Use Lambda response streaming to stream responses. Enforce token limits within the Lambda function. Implement retry logic for model timeouts by using Lambda and API Gateway timeout configurations.
B. Connect an Amazon API Gateway HTTP API directly to Amazon Bedrock. Simulate streaming by using client-side polling. Enforce token limits on the frontend. Configure retry behavior by using API Gateway integration settings.
C. Connect an Amazon API Gateway WebSocket API to an Amazon ECS service that hosts a containerized inference server. Stream responses by using the WebSocket protocol. Enforce token limits within Amazon ECS. Handle model timeouts by using ECS task lifecycle hooks and restart policies.
D. Integrate an Amazon API Gateway REST API with an AWS Lambda function that invokes Amazon Bedrock. Use Lambda response streaming to stream responses. Enforce token limits within the Lambda function. Implement retry logic by using Lambda and API Gateway timeout configurations.

20. A company is building a workflow to review customer-facing communications before it sends them. The company uses a predefined message template to generate the communications and stores the communications in an Amazon S3 bucket. The workflow must extract a specific portion of the template and send it to an Amazon Bedrock model. The workflow must save model responses back to the original S3 bucket.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Create a flow in Amazon Bedrock Flows. Configure S3 action nodes at the beginning and end of the flow to retrieve and store the communications and the model responses. In the middle of the flow, configure an expression to parse each communication. Configure an agent step to send the parsed input to the model for review.
B. Create an AWS Step Functions Express workflow state machine. Use an Amazon S3 integration GetObject step to retrieve the original communications. Use an intrinsic function Pass step to parse the communications and to pass the results to an Amazon Bedrock InvokeModel step. Configure an Amazon S3 integration PutObject step to store the model responses back to the S3 bucket.
C. Create an Amazon Bedrock agent that has an action group. Configure instructions to define how the agent should parse the communications. Configure the action group to retrieve the communications from the S3 bucket, invoke the Amazon Bedrock model, and store the model responses back to the S3 bucket.
D. Create an Amazon Bedrock agent that has a single action group. Configure three AWS Lambda functions in the action group. Configure the functions to retrieve the communications from the S3 bucket, parse the communications and invoke the Amazon Bedrock model, and store the model responses back to the S3 bucket.

21. An e-commerce company is building an internal platform for developing generative AI applications with Amazon Bedrock foundation models (FMs). Developers must choose models based on evaluations aligned with e-commerce use cases. The platform must show accuracy metrics for text generation and summarization in dashboards. The company has custom e-commerce datasets to use as standardized evaluation inputs.
Which combination of steps meets these requirements with the **LEAST** operational overhead? (Choose two.)
A. Import the datasets to an Amazon S3 bucket. Provide appropriate IAM permissions and cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) permissions to give the evaluation jobs access to the datasets.
B. Import the datasets to an Amazon S3 bucket. Provide appropriate IAM permissions and a VPC endpoint configuration to give the evaluation jobs access to the datasets.
C. Configure an AWS Lambda function to create model evaluation jobs on a schedule in the Amazon Bedrock console. Provide the URI of the S3 bucket that contains the datasets as an input. Configure the evaluation jobs to measure the real world knowledge (RWK) score for text generation and BERT Score for summarization. Configure a second Lambda function to check the status of the jobs and publish custom logs to Amazon CloudWatch. Create a custom Amazon CloudWatch Logs Insights dashboard.
D. Use Amazon SageMaker Clarify on a schedule to create model evaluation jobs. Use open source frameworks to create and run standardized evaluations. Publish results to Amazon CloudWatch namespaces. Use the word error rate score for text generation and toxicity for summarization as metrics for accuracy. Configure an AWS Lambda function to check the status of the jobs and publish custom logs to CloudWatch. Create a custom Amazon CloudWatch Logs Insights dashboard.
E. Run an Amazon SageMaker AI notebook job on a schedule by using the fmevals or ragas framework to run evaluations that use the datasets in the S3 bucket. Write Python code in the notebook that makes direct InvokeModel API calls to the FMs and processes their responses for evaluation. Publish job status and results to Amazon CloudWatch Logs to measure the real world knowledge (RWK) score for text generation and toxicity for summarization as metrics for accuracy. Create a custom CloudWatch Logs Insights dashboard.

22. A financial services company must build a document-analysis system using Amazon Bedrock to process quarterly reports. The system must analyze financial data, perform sentiment analysis, and validate compliance across batches of reports. Each batch contains 5 reports. Each report requires multiple foundation model (FM) calls. The solution must complete the analysis within 10 seconds for every batch. The current sequential processing takes 45 seconds for each batch.
Which solution will satisfy these requirements?
A. Use AWS Lambda functions with provisioned concurrency to process each analysis type sequentially. Configure the Lambda function timeouts to 10 seconds. Configure automatic retries with exponential backoff.
B. Use AWS Step Functions with a Parallel state to invoke separate AWS Lambda functions for each analysis type simultaneously. Configure Amazon Bedrock client timeouts. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to track execution time and model inference latency.
C. Create an Amazon SQS queue to buffer analysis requests. Deploy multiple AWS Lambda functions with reserved concurrency. Configure each Lambda function to process different aspects of each report sequentially and then combine the results.
D. Deploy an Amazon ECS cluster that runs containers that process each report sequentially. Use a load balancer to distribute batch workloads. Configure an auto-scaling policy based on CPU utilization to handle demand fluctuations.

23. A company is developing an AI advisory application with Amazon Bedrock that will provide recommendations to customers. The company requires the application to explain its reasoning and cite specific data sources. It must retrieve information from company data sources and present step-by-step reasoning for its recommendations. It must also connect data claims to source documents and keep response latency below 3 seconds.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** operational overhead?
A. Use Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases with source attribution enabled. Use the Anthropic Claude Messages API with RAG to set high-relevance thresholds for source documents. Store reasoning and citations in Amazon S3 for auditing purposes.
B. Use Amazon Bedrock with Anthropic Claude models and extended thinking. Configure a 4,000-token thinking budget. Store reasoning traces and citations in Amazon DynamoDB for auditing purposes.
C. Configure Amazon SageMaker AI with a custom Anthropic Claude model. Use the model's reasoning parameter and AWS Lambda to process responses. Add source citations from a separate Amazon RDS database.
D. Use Amazon Bedrock with Anthropic Claude models and chain-of-thought reasoning. Configure custom retrieval tracking with the Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases API. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor response latency metrics.

24. A specialty coffee company has a mobile app that uses Amazon Bedrock and a three-stage prompt chain to generate personalized coffee roast profiles. The prompt chain converts user inputs into structured metadata, retrieves relevant coffee-roast logs, and produces a personalized roast recommendation for each customer.
Users across multiple AWS Regions report inconsistent roast recommendations for identical inputs, slow inference in the retrieval step, and unsafe recommendations, such as brewing at excessively high temperatures. The company must improve output stability for repeated inputs, application performance, and the safety of the application's outputs. The updated solution must ensure 99.5% output consistency for identical inputs and inference latency of less than 1 second. The solution must also block unsafe or hallucinated recommendations by using validated safety controls.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Deploy Amazon Bedrock with provisioned throughput to stabilize inference latency. Apply Amazon Bedrock guardrails that have semantic denial rules to block unsafe outputs. Use Amazon Bedrock Prompt Management to manage prompts by using approval workflows.
B. Use Amazon Bedrock Agents to manage chaining. Log model inputs and outputs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Use logs from Amazon CloudWatch to perform A/B testing for prompt versions.
C. Cache prompt results in Amazon ElastiCache. Use AWS Lambda functions to pre-process metadata and to trace end-to-end latency. Use AWS X-Ray to identify and remediate performance bottlenecks.
D. Use Amazon Kendra to improve roast log retrieval accuracy. Store normalized prompt metadata within Amazon DynamoDB. Use AWS Step Functions to orchestrate multistep prompts.

25. A media company is releasing a platform that enables thousands of users each hour to upload images and text content. The platform uses Amazon Bedrock to process uploaded content and generate creative compositions.
The company requires a solution that ensures the platform neither processes nor produces inappropriate content. The platform must not reveal personally identifiable information (PII) in the compositions. The solution must integrate with the company’s existing Amazon S3 storage workflow.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** infrastructure-management overhead?
A. Enable the Enhanced Monitoring tool. Use an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to filter traffic to the platform. Use Amazon Comprehend PII detection to pre-process the data. Create a CloudWatch alarm to monitor for Amazon Comprehend PII detection events. Create an AWS Step Functions workflow that includes an Amazon Rekognition image moderation step.
B. Use an Amazon API Gateway HTTP API with request validation templates to screen content before storing the uploaded content in Amazon S3. Use Amazon SageMaker AI to build custom content moderation models that process content before sending the processed content to Amazon Bedrock.
C. Create an Amazon Cognito user pool that uses pre-authentication AWS Lambda functions to run content moderation checks. Use Amazon Textract to filter text content and Amazon Rekognition to filter image content before allowing users to upload content to the platform.
D. Create an AWS Step Functions workflow that uses built-in Amazon Bedrock guardrails to filter content. Use Amazon Comprehend PII detection to pre-process the content. Use Amazon Rekognition image moderation.

26. A university has recently digitized a collection of archival documents, academic journals, and manuscripts. The university keeps the digital files in an AWS Lake Formation data lake.
The university employs a GenAI developer to build a solution that lets users search the digital files with text queries. The solution must return journal abstracts that are semantically similar to a user's query. Users must be able to search the digitized collection using text and metadata associated with the journal abstracts. The digitized-file metadata contains no keywords. The solution must match similar abstracts to each other based on the similarity of their text. The data lake contains fewer than 1 million files.
Which solution will satisfy these requirements with the **LEAST** operational overhead?
A. Use Amazon Titan Embeddings in Amazon Bedrock to create vector representations of the digitized files. Store embeddings in the OpenSearch Neural Plugin for Amazon OpenSearch Service.
B. Use Amazon Comprehend to extract topics from the digitized files. Store the topics and file metadata in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database. Query the abstract metadata against the data in the Aurora database.
C. Use Amazon SageMaker AI to deploy a sentence-transformer model. Use the model to create vector representations of the digitized files. Store embeddings in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database that has the pgvector extension.
D. Use Amazon Titan Embeddings in Amazon Bedrock to create vector representations of the digitized files. Store embeddings in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL Serverless database that has the pgvector extension.

27. A company is designing a solution that uses foundation models (FMs) to support multiple AI workloads. Some FMs must be invoked on demand in real time. Other FMs need consistent, high-throughput access for batch processing.
The solution must support hybrid deployment patterns and run workloads across cloud and on-premises infrastructure to meet data residency and compliance requirements.
Which combination of steps meets these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Use AWS Lambda to orchestrate low-latency FM inference by invoking FMs hosted on Amazon SageMaker AI asynchronous endpoints.
B. Configure provisioned throughput in Amazon Bedrock to ensure consistent performance for high-volume workloads.
C. Deploy FMs to Amazon SageMaker AI endpoints with support for edge deployment by using Amazon SageMaker Neo. Orchestrate the FMs by using AWS Lambda to support hybrid deployment.
D. Use Amazon Bedrock with auto-scaling to handle unpredictable traffic surges.
E. Use Amazon SageMaker JumpStart to host and invoke the FMs.

28. An ecommerce company runs a global product recommendation system that must switch among multiple foundation models (FMs) in Amazon Bedrock based on regulations, cost optimization, and performance requirements. The company must enforce custom controls based on proprietary business logic, including dynamic cost thresholds, AWS Region-specific compliance rules, and real-time A/B testing across multiple FMs. The system must be capable of switching between FMs without deploying new code. It must route user requests according to complex rules that include user tier, transaction value, regulatory zone, and real-time cost metrics that change hourly and need immediate propagation across thousands of concurrent requests.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Deploy an AWS Lambda function that uses environment variables to store routing rules and Amazon Bedrock FM IDs. Use the Lambda console to update the environment variables when business requirements change. Configure an Amazon API Gateway REST API to read request parameters to make routing decisions.
B. Deploy Amazon API Gateway REST API request transformation templates to implement routing logic based on request attributes. Store Amazon Bedrock FM endpoints as REST API stage variables. Update the variables when the system switches between models.
C. Configure an AWS Lambda function to fetch routing configurations from the AWS AppConfig Agent for each user request. Run business logic in the Lambda function to select the appropriate FM for each request. Expose the FM through a single Amazon API Gateway REST API endpoint.
D. Use AWS Lambda authorizers for an Amazon API Gateway REST API to evaluate routing rules that are stored in AWS AppConfig. Return authorization contexts based on business logic. Route requests to model-specific Lambda functions for each Amazon Bedrock FM.

29. A healthcare company uses Amazon Bedrock to deploy an application that produces summaries of clinical documents. The application has inconsistent response quality, including occasional factual hallucinations. Monthly costs are 40% higher than the company projected. A GenAI developer must implement a near-real-time monitoring solution that detects hallucinations, identifies abnormal token consumption, and provides early warnings for cost anomalies. The solution must involve minimal custom development and maintenance overhead.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Configure Amazon CloudWatch alarms to monitor InputTokenCount and OutputTokenCount metrics to detect anomalies. Store model invocation logs in an Amazon S3 bucket. Use AWS Glue and Amazon Athena to identify potential hallucinations.
B. Run Amazon Bedrock evaluation jobs that use LLM-based judgments to detect hallucinations. Configure Amazon CloudWatch to track token usage. Create an AWS Lambda function to process CloudWatch metrics. Configure the Lambda function to send usage pattern notifications.
C. Configure Amazon Bedrock to store model invocation logs in an Amazon S3 bucket. Enable text output logging. Configure Amazon Bedrock guardrails to run contextual grounding checks to detect hallucinations. Create Amazon CloudWatch anomaly detection alarms for token usage metrics.
D. Use AWS CloudTrail to log all Amazon Bedrock API calls. Create a custom dashboard in Amazon QuickSight to visualize token usage patterns. Use Amazon SageMaker Model Monitor to detect quality drift in generated summaries.

30. A company is developing a serverless application that uses AWS Lambda functions to help students worldwide summarize notes. The application uses Anthropic Claude through Amazon Bedrock. The company has noticed that most traffic occurs during evening hours in each time zone. Users report throttling errors at peak usage times in their respective time zones.
The company must resolve the throttling issues while ensuring the application operates continuously. The solution must preserve application performance quality and must not incur a fixed hourly cost during periods of low traffic.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Create custom Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor model errors. Set provisioned throughput to a value that is safely higher than the peak traffic observed.
B. Create custom Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor model errors. Set up a failover mechanism to redirect invocations to a backup AWS Region when the errors exceed a specified threshold.
C. Enable invocation logging in Amazon Bedrock. Monitor key metrics such as Invocations, InputTokenCount, OutputTokenCount, and Invocation Throttles. Distribute traffic across cross-Region inference endpoints.
D. Enable invocation logging in Amazon Bedrock. Monitor InvocationLatency, InvocationClientErrors, and InvocationServerErrors metrics. Distribute traffic across multiple versions of the same model.

31. A financial services company plans to use Amazon Bedrock foundation models (FMs) to analyze call center recordings. After calls end, the call center stores the recordings as MP3 files in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company must generate summaries and sentiment analysis for the recordings in a structured format as soon as new files are created. The recordings are 20 MB on average.
Which combination of solutions will satisfy these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Use AWS Step Functions to orchestrate a workflow to process the recordings. Configure steps to invoke Amazon Transcribe to convert audio to text, validate job completion, and to invoke an AWS Lambda function to process the text by using Amazon Bedrock FMs to generate structured analysis output.
B. Use AWS Step Functions to orchestrate a workflow to process the recordings. Configure steps to invoke Amazon Transcribe to convert audio to text, validate job completion, and to directly invoke Amazon Bedrock FMs to generate summaries and sentiment analysis in JSON format.
C. Use AWS Step Functions to orchestrate a workflow to process the recordings. Configure steps to invoke Amazon Transcribe to convert audio to text, validate job completion, and to invoke an AWS Lambda function to create a prompt to invoke Amazon Bedrock FMs to generate structured analysis output.
D. Configure the source S3 bucket to send events to Amazon EventBridge. Create an EventBridge rule to invoke the Step Functions workflow when an object is created in the bucket.
E. Configure the source S3 bucket to send notifications to the Step Functions workflow when an object is created in the bucket.

32. A company is building a new AI-powered application that must integrate with several specialized tools. The tools currently operate as Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers on developers’ local machines and retain no state between invocations. The company intends to deploy each MCP server as an AWS Lambda function to support the production application.
The solution must be reachable by both internal applications and authorized third-party partners, and it must enforce strict authentication and authorization controls.
Which additional steps will satisfy these requirements with the **LEAST** operational overhead?
A. Create a custom Lambda invocation transport by using the Lambda Invoke API. Implement IAM authentication and grant InvokeFunction permissions to authorized users and roles.
B. Expose the Lambda functions through Amazon API Gateway REST API endpoints. Implement API keys for authentication. Configure the applications that need to access the MCP servers to use standard HTTP requests instead of the MCP protocol.
C. Create Lambda function URLs and enable a custom Streamable HTTP transport and SigV4. Implement AWS IAM authentication. Grant InvokeFunctionUrl permissions to authorized users and roles.
D. Expose the Lambda function through Amazon API Gateway HTTP API endpoints with the Streamable HTTP transport. Use Amazon Cognito to implement OAuth authentication. Configure API Gateway to validate OAuth tokens.

33. An ecommerce company is building a generative AI (GenAI) solution that uses Amazon Bedrock with Anthropic Claude to recommend products to customers. Customers report that some recommended products are not available for sale on the website or are not relevant to the customer. Customers also report that the solution takes a long time to generate certain recommendations.
The company investigates the issues and determines that most interactions between customers and the product recommendation solution are unique. The company confirms that the solution recommends products that are not in the company's product catalog. The company must resolve these issues.
Which solution will meet this requirement?
A. Increase grounding within Amazon Bedrock Guardrails. Enable Automated Reasoning checks. Set up provisioned throughput.
B. Use prompt engineering to restrict the model responses to relevant products. Use streaming techniques such as the InvokeModelWithResponseStream action to reduce perceived latency for the customers.
C. Create an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base. Implement Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG). Set the PerformanceConfigLatency parameter to optimized.
D. Store product catalog data in Amazon OpenSearch Service. Validate the model's product recommendations against the product catalog. Use Amazon DynamoDB to implement response caching.

34. A company is building a generative AI (GenAI) application using Amazon Bedrock. The application will analyze patterns and relationships in the company’s data. It will process millions of new data points each day across AWS Regions in Europe, North America, and Asia before storing the data in Amazon S3.
The application must comply with local data-protection and storage regulations. Data residency and processing must take place within the same continent. The application must also retain audit trails of its decision-making processes and provide data-classification capabilities.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Deploy the application in each Region with local IAM policies. Use Amazon Bedrock cross-Region inference to distribute the workload. Use Amazon CloudWatch to log AI decision-making processes and data processing activities. Manually track compliance certifications across Regions.
B. Use SCPs with AWS Organizations to manage location-specific permissions. Use AWS CloudTrail immutable logs to audit the decision-making processes. Import a custom model into Amazon Bedrock and deploy the model to each Region.
C. Use Amazon S3 Object Lock with Region-specific S3 bucket policies. Pre-process the data points within the Region based on geographic origin before sending the data points to Amazon Bedrock. Use Amazon Macie to classify the data. Use AWS CloudTrail immutable logs to audit the decision-making processes.
D. Create separate AWS accounts for each Region with individual compliance frameworks. Use Amazon SageMaker AI with custom monitoring to track model performance and compliance with data residency requirements. Create manual reports for each regulatory jurisdiction.

35. A company is building a generative AI (GenAI)-powered customer support application that uses Amazon Bedrock foundation models (FMs). The application must retain conversational context across multiple interactions with the same user. It must run clarification workflows to address ambiguous user queries. The company must retain encrypted records of every user conversation for personalization. The application must support thousands of concurrent users while responding quickly to each user.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Use an AWS Step Functions Express workflow to orchestrate conversation flow. Invoke AWS Lambda functions to run clarification logic. Store conversation history in Amazon RDS and use session IDs as the primary key.
B. Use an AWS Step Functions Standard workflow to orchestrate clarification workflows. Include Wait for a Callback patterns to manage the workflows. Store conversation history in Amazon DynamoDPurchase on-demand capacity and configure server-side encryption.
C. Deploy the application by using an Amazon API Gateway REST API to route user requests to an AWS Lambda function to update and retrieve conversation context. Store conversation history in Amazon S3 and configure server-side encryption. Save each interaction as a separate JSON file.
D. Use AWS Lambda functions to call Amazon Bedrock inference APIs. Use Amazon SQS queues to orchestrate clarification steps. Store conversation history in an Amazon ElastiCache (Redis OSS) cluster. Configure encryption at rest.

36. A financial services company is building a customer-service AI assistant using Amazon Bedrock. The AI assistant must not provide investment advice to users. It must block harmful content, mask personally identifiable information (PII), and retain audit trails for compliance reporting. The AI assistant must apply content filtering to both user inputs and model responses according to content sensitivity.
The company needs an Amazon Bedrock guardrail configuration that effectively enforces these policies with minimal false positives. The solution must support multiple handling strategies for multiple sensitive-content types.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Configure a single guardrail and set content filters to high for all categories. Set up denied topics for investment advice and include sample phrases to block. Set up sensitive information filters that apply the block action for all PII entities. Apply the guardrail to all model inference calls.
B. Configure multiple guardrails by using tiered policies. Create one guardrail and set content filters to high. Configure the guardrail to block PII for public interactions. Configure a second guardrail and set content filters to medium. Configure the second guardrail to mask PII for internal use. Configure multiple topic-specific guardrails to block investment advice and set up contextual grounding checks.
C. Configure a guardrail and set content filters to medium for harmful content. Set up denied topics for investment advice and include clear definitions and sample phrases to block. Configure sensitive information filters to mask PII in responses and to block financial information in inputs. Enable both input and output evaluations that use custom blocked messages for audits.
D. Create a separate guardrail for each use case. Create one guardrail that applies a harmful content filter. Create a guardrail to apply topic filters for investment advice. Create a guardrail to apply sensitive information filters to block PII. Use AWS Step Functions to chain the guardrails together sequentially. Use conditional logic based on content classification.

37. A media company must use Amazon Bedrock to establish a robust governance process for AI-generated content. The company must manage hundreds of prompt templates. Multiple teams use the templates in multiple AWS Regions to generate content. The solution must provide version control with approval workflows that include notifications for pending reviews. It must also provide detailed audit trails that record prompt activities and consistent prompt parameterization to enforce quality standards.
Which solution will satisfy these requirements?
A. Configure Amazon Bedrock Studio prompt templates. Use Amazon CloudWatch to create dashboards that display prompt usage metrics. Store the approval status of content in Amazon DynamoDB. Use AWS Lambda functions to enforce approvals.
B. Use Amazon Bedrock Prompt Management to implement version control. Configure AWS CloudTrail for audit logging. Use IAM policies to control approval permissions. Create parameterized prompt templates by specifying variables.
C. Use AWS Step Functions to create an approval workflow. Store prompts as documents in Amazon S3. Use tags to implement version control. Use Amazon EventBridge to send notifications.
D. Deploy Amazon SageMaker Canvas with prompt templates that are stored in Amazon S3. Use AWS CloudFormation to implement version control. Use AWS Config to enforce approval policies.

38. A medical device company wants to provide an AI assistant with reports of medical procedures that used the company’s devices. To safeguard patient privacy, the AI assistant must reveal patient personally identifiable information (PII) only to surgeons. For engineers, the AI assistant must redact PII. The AI assistant must reference only medical reports that are less than 3 years old.
The company stores reports in an Amazon S3 bucket immediately after each report is published. The company has already configured an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base. The AI assistant uses Amazon Cognito for user authentication.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Enable Amazon Macie PII detection on the S3 bucket. Use an S3 trigger to invoke an AWS Lambda function that redacts PII from the reports. Configure the Lambda function to delete outdated documents from the bucket and to invoke knowledge base syncing.
B. Invoke an AWS Lambda function to sync the S3 bucket and the knowledge base when a new report is uploaded to the bucket. Use a second Lambda function to invoke Amazon Comprehend to detect and redact PII if a user is part of the engineer Cognito user group. Set up an S3 Lifecycle configuration to remove reports that are older than 3 years from the bucket.
C. Set up an S3 Lifecycle configuration on the bucket to remove reports that are older than 3 years. Schedule an AWS Lambda function to run daily syncs between the bucket and the knowledge base. When users interact with the AI assistant, call the ApplyGuardrail configuration that matches the user's Cognito user group to redact PII from the agent’s responses if appropriate.
D. Create a second knowledge base. Set up an S3 Lifecycle configuration on the bucket to remove reports that are older than 3 years. Invoke an AWS Lambda function that syncs the bucket with the original knowledge base when a new report is uploaded to the bucket. Use Amazon Comprehend to detect and redact PII before syncing the bucket with the second knowledge base. When a user interacts with the AI assistant, redirect the model to the appropriate knowledge base depending on the user’s Cognito user group.

39. Example Corp operates a personalized video-generation service used by millions of enterprise customers. Customers create marketing videos by submitting prompts to the company’s proprietary generative AI (GenAI) model. To improve output relevance and personalization, Example Corp wants to enrich prompts with customer-specific context, including product preferences, customer attributes, and business history.
The customers have strict data-governance requirements. They must retain full ownership and control of their data. They do not need real-time access; however, semantic accuracy must be high and retrieval latency must stay low to support customer-experience use cases.
Example Corp wants to minimize architectural complexity in its integration pattern. It does not want to deploy and manage services in each customer’s environment unless necessary.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Ensure that each customer sets up an Amazon Q Business index that includes the customer's internal data. Ensure that each customer designates Example Corp as a data accessor to allow Example Corp to retrieve relevant content by using a secure API to enrich prompts at runtime.
B. Use federated search with Model Context Protocol (MCP) by deploying real-time MCP servers for each customer. Retrieve data in real time during prompt generation.
C. Ensure that each customer configures an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base. Allow cross-account querying so Example Corp can retrieve structured data for prompt augmentation.
D. Configure Amazon Kendra to crawl customer data sources. Share the resulting indexes across accounts so Example Corp can query each customer's Amazon Kendra index to retrieve augmentation data.

40. An insurance company uses its existing Amazon SageMaker AI infrastructure to support a web-based application that lets customers predict their insurance premiums. The company keeps the customer data used to train the SageMaker AI model in an Amazon S3 bucket. The dataset is growing rapidly.
The company needs a solution to continuously retrain the model. When an employee uploads a new customer-data file to the S3 bucket, the solution must automatically retrain and redeploy the model to the application.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Use AWS Glue to run an ETL job on each uploaded file. Configure the ETL job to use the AWS SDK to invoke the Sage Maker AI model endpoint. Use real-time inference with the endpoint to re-deploy the model after it is re-trained on the updated customer dataset.
B. Create an AWS Lambda function and webhook handlers to generate an event when an employee uploads a new file. Configure SageMaker Pipelines to re-deploy the model after it is re-trained on the updated customer dataset. Use Amazon EventBridge to create an event bus. Set the Lambda function event as the source and SageMaker Pipelines as the target.
C. Create an AWS Step Functions Express workflow with AWS SDK integrations to retrieve the customer data from the S3 bucket when an employee uploads a new file to the S3 bucket. Use a SageMaker Data Wrangler flow to export the data from the S3 bucket to SageMaker Autopilot. Use SageMaker Autopilot to re-deploy the model after it has been re-trained on the updated customer dataset.
D. Create an AWS Step Functions Standard workflow. Configure the first state to call an AWS Lambda function to respond when an employee uploads a new file to the S3 bucket. Use a pipeline in SageMaker Pipelines to re-deploy the model after it has been re-trained on the updated customer dataset. Use the next state in the workflow to run the pipeline when the first state receives a response.

41. A financial services company is rolling out a generative AI (GenAI) application that uses Amazon Bedrock to help customer service representatives deliver personalized investment advice to customers. The company must implement a comprehensive governance solution that follows responsible AI practices and satisfies regulatory requirements.
The solution must detect and prevent hallucinations in recommendations. It must include safety controls for customer interactions, monitor model behavior drift in real time, and retain audit trails of all prompt-response pairs for regulatory review.
The company must deploy the solution within 60 days. The solution must integrate with the company's existing compliance dashboard and respond to customers within 200 ms.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** operational overhead?
A. Configure Amazon Bedrock guardrails to apply custom content filters and toxicity detection. Use Amazon Bedrock Model Evaluation to detect hallucinations. Store prompt-response pairs in Amazon DynamoDB to capture audit trails and set a TTL. Integrate Amazon CloudWatch custom metrics with the existing compliance dashboard.
B. Deploy Amazon Bedrock and use AWS PrivateLink to access the application securely. Use AWS Lambda functions to implement custom prompt validation. Store prompt-response pairs in an Amazon S3 bucket and configure S3 Lifecycle policies. Create custom Amazon CloudWatch dashboards to monitor model performance metrics.
C. Use Amazon Bedrock Agents and Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases to ground responses. Use Amazon Bedrock Guardrails to enforce content safety. Use Amazon OpenSearch Service to store and index prompt-responses pairs. Integrate OpenSearch Service with Amazon QuickSight to create compliance reports and to detect model behavior drift.
D. Use Amazon SageMaker Model Monitor to detect model behavior drift. Use AWS WAF to filter content. Store customer interactions in an encrypted Amazon RDS database. Use Amazon API Gateway to create custom HTTP APIs to integrate with the compliance dashboard.

42. A company has deployed an AI assistant as a React application that uses AWS Amplify, an AWS AppSync GraphQL API, and Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases. The application uses the GraphQL API to invoke the Amazon Bedrock RetrieveAndGenerate API for knowledge base interactions. The company configures an AWS Lambda resolver with the `RequestResponse` invocation type.
Application users report frequent timeouts and slow response times. Users report these issues more often for complex questions that require longer processing.
The company needs a solution to resolve these performance issues and improve the user experience.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use AWS Amplify AI Kit to implement streaming responses from the GraphQL API and to optimize client-side rendering.
B. Increase the timeout value of the Lambda resolver. Implement retry logic with exponential backoff.
C. Update the application to send an API request to an Amazon SQS queue. Update the AWS AppSync resolver to poll and process the queue.
D. Change the RetrieveAndGenerate API to the InvokeModelWithResponseStream API. Update the application to use an Amazon API Gateway WebSocket API to support the streaming response.

43. A financial services company uses multiple foundation models (FMs) through Amazon Bedrock for its generative AI (GenAI) applications. To meet a new regulation governing GenAI use with sensitive financial data, the company requires a token-management solution.
The token-management solution must proactively alert when applications near model-specific token limits. It must also handle more than 5,000 requests per minute and retain token-usage metrics to allocate costs among business units.
Which solution will satisfy these requirements?
A. Develop model-specific tokenizers in an AWS Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to estimate token usage before sending requests to Amazon Bedrock. Configure the Lambda function to publish metrics to Amazon CloudWatch and trigger alarms when requests approach thresholds. Store detailed token usage in Amazon DynamoDB to report costs.
B. Implement Amazon Bedrock Guardrails with token quota policies. Capture metrics on rejected requests. Configure Amazon EventBridge rules to trigger notifications based on Amazon Bedrock Guardrails metrics. Use Amazon CloudWatch dashboards to visualize token usage trends across models.
C. Deploy an Amazon SQS dead-letter queue for failed requests. Configure an AWS Lambda function to analyze token-related failures. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs Insights to generate reports on token usage patterns based on error logs from Amazon Bedrock API responses.
D. Use Amazon API Gateway to create a proxy for all Amazon Bedrock API calls. Configure request throttling based on custom usage plans with predefined token quotas. Configure API Gateway to reject requests that will exceed token limits.

44. A company operates a Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) application that uses Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases for regulatory compliance queries. The application uses the RetrieveAndGenerateStream API. It retrieves relevant documents from a knowledge base containing more than 50,000 regulatory documents, legal precedents, and policy updates.
The RAG application is generating suboptimal responses because initial retrieval frequently returns documents that are semantically similar but contextually irrelevant. These poor responses are leading to model hallucinations and incorrect regulatory guidance. The company must improve RAG application performance so that it returns more relevant documents.
Which solution meets this requirement with the **LEAST** operational overhead?
A. Deploy an Amazon SageMaker endpoint to run a fine-tuned ranking model. Use an Amazon API Gateway REST API to route requests. Configure the application to make requests through the REST API to rerank the results.
B. Use Amazon Comprehend to classify documents and apply relevance scores. Integrate the RAG application’s reranking process with Amazon Textract to run document analysis. Use Amazon Neptune to perform graph-based relevance calculations.
C. Implement a retrieval pipeline that uses the Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases Retrieve API to perform initial document retrieval. Call the Amazon Bedrock Rerank API to rerank the results. Invoke the InvokeModelWithResponseStream operation to generate responses.
D. Use the latest Amazon reranker model through the reranking configuration within Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases. Use the model to improve document relevance scoring and to reorder results based on contextual assessments.

45. A healthcare company uses Amazon Bedrock to build a real-time patient-care AI assistant that answers queries for separate departments responsible for clinical inquiries, insurance verification, appointment scheduling, and insurance claims. The company wants to use a multi-agent architecture.
The company must ensure that the AI assistant is scalable and can onboard new patient features. The AI assistant must be capable of handling thousands of parallel patient interactions. The company must ensure that patients receive suitable domain-specific responses to their queries.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Isolate data for each agent by using separate knowledge bases. Use IAM filtering to control access to each knowledge base. Deploy a supervisor agent to perform natural language intent classification on patient inquiries. Configure the supervisor agent to route queries to specialized collaborator agents to respond to department-specific queries. Configure each specialized collaborator agent to use Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) with the agent's department-specific knowledge base.
B. Create a separate supervisor agent for each department. Configure individual collaborator agents to perform natural language intent classification for each specialty domain within each department. Integrate each collaborator agent with department-specific knowledge bases only. Implement manual handoff processes between the supervisor agents.
C. Isolate data for each department in separate knowledge bases. Use IAM filtering to control access to each knowledge base. Deploy a single general-purpose agent. Configure multiple action groups within the general-purpose agent to perform specific department functions. Implement rule-based routing logic within the general-purpose agent instructions.
D. Implement multiple independent supervisor agents that run in parallel to respond to patient inquiries for each department. Configure multiple collaborator agents for each supervisor agent. Integrate all agents with the same knowledge base. Use external routing logic to merge responses from multiple supervisor agents.

46. A company is building a generative AI (GenAI) application that analyzes customer service calls in real time and produces suggested responses for human customer service agents. The application must handle 500,000 concurrent calls during peak hours, with less than 200 ms end-to-end latency for every suggestion. The company uses an existing architecture to transcribe customer-call audio streams. The application must stay within a predefined monthly compute budget and retain auto-scaling capabilities.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Deploy a large, complex reasoning model on Amazon Bedrock. Purchase provisioned throughput and optimize for batch processing.
B. Deploy a low-latency, real-time optimized model on Amazon Bedrock. Purchase provisioned throughput and set up automatic scaling policies.
C. Deploy a large language model (LLM) on an Amazon SageMaker AI real-time endpoint that uses dedicated GPU instances.
D. Deploy a mid-sized language model on an Amazon SageMaker AI serverless endpoint that is optimized for batch processing.

47. A finance company is building an AI assistant to help clients plan investments and manage their portfolios. The company identifies several high-risk conversation patterns, such as requests for specific stock recommendations or guaranteed returns. These high-risk conversation patterns could result in regulatory violations if the company cannot apply appropriate controls.
The company must ensure that the AI assistant does not provide unsuitable financial advice, produce content about competitors, or make claims that are not factually supported by the company's approved financial guidance. The company wants to use Amazon Bedrock Guardrails to implement a solution.
Which combination of steps will satisfy these requirements? (Choose three.)
A. Add the high-risk conversation patterns to a denied topics guardrail.
B. Configure a content filter guardrail to filter prompts that contain the high-risk conversation patterns.
C. Configure a content filter guardrail to filter prompts that contain competitor names.
D. Add the names of competitors as custom word filters. Set the input and output actions to block.
E. Set a low grounding score threshold.
F. Set a high grounding score threshold.

48. A hotel company wants to improve a legacy Java-based property management system (PMS) by adding AI capabilities. The company plans to use Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases to give staff room-availability information and hotel-specific details. The solution must keep separate access controls for every hotel the company manages. It must deliver room-availability information in near real time and maintain consistent performance during peak-use periods.
Which solution will satisfy these requirements?
A. Deploy a single Amazon Bedrock knowledge base that contains combined data for all hotels. Configure AWS Lambda functions to synchronize data from each hotel's PMS database through direct API connections. Implement AWS CloudTrail logging with hotel-specific filters to audit access logs for each hotel's data.
B. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule for each hotel that is invoked by changes to the PMS database for each hotel. Configure the rule to send updates to a centralized Amazon Bedrock knowledge base in a management AWS account. Configure resource-based policies to enforce hotel-specific access controls for hotel staff.
C. Implement one Amazon Bedrock knowledge base for each hotel in a multi-account structure. Use direct data ingestion to provide real-time room availability information. Schedule regular synchronization for less critical information.
D. Build a centralized Amazon Bedrock agent that uses multiple knowledge bases. Implement AWS IAM Identity Center with hotel-specific permission sets to control hotel staff data access.

49. A bank is developing a generative AI (GenAI) application that uses Amazon Bedrock to evaluate loan applications from scanned financial documents. The application must extract structured data from the documents. It must redact personally identifiable information (PII) before inference. It must use foundation models (FMs) to generate approvals. It must route document-extraction results with low confidence to human reviewers located in the same AWS Region as the loan applicant.
The company must ensure the application meets strict Regional data-residency and auditability requirements. The application must scale to process 25,000 applications per day and provide 99.9% availability.
Which combination of solutions meets these requirements? (Choose three.)
A. Deploy Amazon Textract and Amazon Augmented AI (Amazon A2I) within the same Region to extract relevant data from the scanned documents. Route low-confidence pages to human reviewers.
B. Use AWS Lambda functions to detect and redact PII from submitted documents before inference. Apply Amazon Bedrock guardrails to prevent inappropriate or unauthorized content in model outputs. Configure Region-specific IAM roles to enforce data residency requirements and to control access to the extracted data.
C. Use Amazon Kendra and Amazon OpenSearch Service to extract field level values semantically from the uploaded documents before inference.
D. Store uploaded documents in Amazon S3 and apply object metadata. Configure IAM policies to store original documents within the same Region as each applicant. Enable object tagging for future audits.
E. Use AWS Glue Data Quality to validate the structured document data. Use AWS Step Functions to orchestrate a review workflow that includes a prompt engineering step that transforms validated data into optimized prompts before invoking Amazon Bedrock to assess loan applications.
F. Use Amazon SageMaker Clarify to generate fairness and bias reports based on model scoring decisions that Amazon Bedrock makes.

50. A financial services company is developing a Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) application that uses Amazon Bedrock to produce summaries of market activities. The application depends on a vector database that stores a small proprietary dataset with a low index count. The application must run similarity searches, and the Amazon Bedrock model responses must maximize accuracy while maintaining high performance.
The company needs to configure the vector database and integrate it with the application.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Launch an Amazon MemoryDB cluster and configure the index by using the Flat algorithm. Configure a horizontal scaling policy based on performance metrics.
B. Launch an Amazon MemoryDB cluster and configure the index by using the Hierarchical Navigable Small World (HNSW) algorithm. Configure a vertical policy based on performance metrics.
C. Launch an Amazon Aurora PostgresSQL cluster and configure the index by using the Inverted File with Flat Compression (IVFFlat) algorithm. Configure the instance class to scale to a larger size when the load increases.
D. Launch an Amazon DocumentDB cluster that has an Inverted File with Flat Compression (IVFFlat) index and a high probe value. Configure connections to the cluster as a replica set Distribute reads to replica instances.

51. A company is building a customer-support application that uses Amazon Bedrock foundation models (FMs) to deliver real-time AI assistance to the company's employees. The application must show AI-generated responses character by character as they are produced. It must support thousands of concurrent users with minimal latency. Responses generally take 15 to 45 seconds to complete.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Configure an Amazon API Gateway WebSocket API with an AWS Lambda integration. Configure the WebSocket API to invoke the Amazon Bedrock InvokeModelWithResponseStream API and stream partial responses through WebSocket connections.
B. Configure an Amazon API Gateway REST API with an AWS Lambda integration. Configure the REST API to invoke the Amazon Bedrock standard InvokeModel API and implement frontend client-side polling every 100 ms for complete response chunks.
C. Implement direct frontend client connections to Amazon Bedrock by using IAM user credentials and the InvokeModelWithResponseStream API without any intermediate gateway or proxy layer.
D. Configure an Amazon API Gateway HTTP API with an AWS Lambda integration. Configure the HTTP API to cache complete responses in an Amazon DynamoDB table and serve the responses through multiple paginated GET requests to frontend clients.

52. A medical company uses Amazon Bedrock to run a clinical-documentation summarization system. The system generates inconsistent summaries when it processes complex clinical documents, although it performed well with simple clinical documents.
The company requires a solution that diagnoses the inconsistencies, compares prompt performance against established metrics, and preserves historical records of prompt versions.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Create multiple prompt variants by using Prompt management in Amazon Bedrock. Manually test the prompts with simple clinical documents. Deploy the highest performing version by using the Amazon Bedrock console.
B. Implement version control for prompts in a code repository with a test suite that contains complex clinical documents and quantifiable evaluation metrics. Use an automated testing framework to compare prompt versions and document performance patterns.
C. Deploy each new prompt version to separate Amazon Bedrock API endpoints. Split production traffic between the endpoints. Configure Amazon CloudWatch to capture response metrics and user feedback for automatic version selection.
D. Create a custom prompt evaluation flow in Amazon Bedrock Flows that applies the same clinical document inputs to different prompt variants. Use Amazon Comprehend Medical to analyze and score the factual accuracy of each version.

53. A company has provisioned Amazon Q Developer Pro licenses for every developer. The company maintains a list of approved resources that developers must use when developing applications. The approved resources include internal libraries, proprietary algorithmic techniques, and sample code with approved styling.
A new developer team is using Amazon Q Developer to build a new Java-based application. The company must ensure that the new team uses the company’s approved resources. The company does not want to make any project-level modifications.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Create a Git repository that contains all of the approved internal libraries, algorithms, and code samples. Include this Git repository in the application project locally as part of the workspace. Ensure that the developers use the @workspace context to retrieve suggestions from the Git repository.
B. In the project root folder, create a folder named .amazonq/rules. Add the approved internal libraries, algorithms, and code samples to the folder.
C. Create a folder in the application project named rules. Store the guidelines and code in the folder for Amazon Q Developer to reference product code suggestions.
D. Create an Amazon Q Developer customization that includes the approved data sources. Ensure that the developers use the customization to develop the application.

54. A retail company is building a customer-service application that must handle 10,000 daily queries about products, orders, and warranties. The application must be able to answer queries about 50,000 product documents that are updated daily. The application must integrate with an order-management API to check order status and help process returns. The application must preserve context across multi-turn customer interactions. The company must collect complete audit trails for application responses.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** operational overhead?
A. Deploy a fine-tuned Amazon Bedrock Anthropic Claude model for each product category. Create AWS Lambda functions to connect each model to the order management API. Store conversation history in Amazon DynamoDB.
B. Create a custom model that uses continued pre-training on Amazon Bedrock to handle all product documentation. Set up an Amazon API Gateway REST API that uses AWS Lambda functions to connect the model to the order management API.
C. Use Amazon SageMaker AI with containers to deploy models. Use Amazon Kendra to search product documents. Use AWS Step Functions to orchestrate calls to the order management API.
D. Use an Amazon Bedrock agent with action groups to integrate with the order management API. Associate an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base with the agent to search product documentation by using Retrieval Augmentation Generation (RAG). Enable trace events to capture audit trails.

55. A financial services company is developing a customer support application that retrieves relevant financial-regulation documents from a database according to semantic similarity with user queries. The application must integrate with Amazon Bedrock to generate responses. It must be able to search documents in English, Spanish, and Portuguese, and filter documents by metadata such as publication date, regulatory agency, and document type.
The database holds approximately 10 million document embeddings. To reduce operational overhead, the company needs a solution that minimizes management and maintenance work. The application must deliver low-latency responses for real-time customer interactions.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Use Amazon OpenSearch Serverless to provide vector search capabilities and metadata filtering. Connect to Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases to enable Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) capabilities that use an Anthropic Claude foundation model (FM).
B. Deploy an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database with the pgvector extension. Define tables to store embeddings and metadata. Use SQL queries to perform similarity searches. Send retrieved documents to Amazon Bedrock to generate responses.
C. Use Amazon S3 Vectors to configure a vector index and non-filterable metadata fields. Integrate S3 Vectors with Amazon Bedrock to enable Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) capabilities.
D. Set up an Amazon Neptune Analytics graph database. Configure a vector index that has appropriate dimensionality to store document embeddings. Use Amazon Bedrock to perform graph-based retrieval and to generate responses.

56. A financial services company uses an AI application to process financial documents with Amazon Bedrock. During business hours, the application processes approximately 10,000 requests per hour and therefore requires consistent throughput.
The company uses the `CreateProvisionedModelThroughput` API to buy provisioned throughput. Amazon CloudWatch metrics show that the provisioned capacity is unused while on-demand requests are being throttled. The company discovers the following code in the application:
```python
response = bedrock_runtime.invoke_model(modelId="anthropic.claude-v2", body=json.dumps(payload))
```
The company needs the application to use the provisioned throughput and resolve the throttling issues.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Increase the number of model units (MUs) in the provisioned throughput configuration.
B. Replace the model ID parameter with the ARN of the provisioned model that the CreateProvisionedModelThroughput API returns.
C. Add exponential backoff retry logic to handle throttling exceptions during peak hours.
D. Modify the application to use the InvokeModelWithResponseStream API instead of the InvokeModel API.

57. A company configures a landing zone in AWS Control Tower. The company handles sensitive data that must stay within the European Union. The company must use only the `eu-central-1` Region. The company uses SCPs to enforce data-residency policies. GenAI developers at the company are assigned IAM roles with full permissions for Amazon Bedrock.
The company must ensure that GenAI developers can use the Amazon Nova Pro model through Amazon Bedrock only by using cross-Region inference (CRI) and only in `eu-central-1`. The company enables model access for the GenAI developer IAM roles in Amazon Bedrock. However, when a GenAI developer tries to invoke the model through the Amazon Bedrock Chat/Text playground, the GenAI developer receives the following error.
User: `arn:aws:sts::123456789012:assumed-role/AssumedDevRole/DevUserName`
Action: `bedrock:InvokeModelWithResponseStream`
On resource(s): `arn:aws:bedrock:eu-west-3::foundation-model/amazon.nova-pro-v1:0`
Context: a service control policy explicitly denies the action
The company needs a solution that resolves the error. The solution must retain the company’s existing governance controls and provide precise access control. The solution must comply with the company’s existing data-residency policies.
Which combination of solutions meets these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Add an AdministratorAccess policy to the GenAI developer IAM role.
B. Extend the existing SCPs to enable CRI for the eu.amazon.nova-pro-v1:0 inference profile.
C. Enable Amazon Bedrock model access for Amazon Nova Pro in the eu-west-3 Region.
D. Validate that the GenAI developer IAM roles have permissions to invoke Amazon Nova Pro through the eu.amazon.nova-pro.v1:0 inference profile on all European Union AWS Regions that can serve the model.
E. Extend the existing SCP to enable CRI for the eu.* inference profile.

58. A global company is developing an AI assistant that uses RAG. The company requires the AI assistant to deliver near-real-time, low-latency performance. The AI assistant must serve multiple geographic areas. The company’s customers will use proprietary data with the AI assistant, and that proprietary data must not leave the company’s immediate geographic area.
Which solution will satisfy these requirements?
A. Deploy an Amazon Bedrock model with a cross-Region model inference profile. Create Amazon S3 buckets in each AWS Region the company operates in. Store a knowledge base in each respective S3 bucket. In each Region, configure Amazon Kendra to interact with the respective knowledge base. In each Region, configure an AWS Lambda function that uses Kendra and Amazon Bedrock to process AI assistant prompts.
B. Deploy an Amazon Bedrock model in each AWS Region the company operates in. Configure an Amazon Bedrock cross-Region model inference profile. Configure a vector database that uses Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases. Store the knowledge bases in Amazon S3 in each Region the company operates in.
C. Use AWS Outposts to deploy an outpost in each AWS Region the company operates in. Create Amazon S3 buckets to store knowledge bases in each corresponding Region. Deploy Amazon RDS configured as a vector database to each outpost. Deploy an Amazon Bedrock model with a cross-Region inference profile in a central Region.
D. Configure a knowledge base stored in the Amazon S3 Express One Zone storage class in each AWS Local Zone the company operates in. Use Amazon RDS to deploy a vector database in each Local Zone the company operates in. Deploy a large language model (LLM) to Amazon EC2 instances in each Local Zone. Configure the AI assistant to route prompts to the model in the respective Local Zone.

59. A healthcare company uses Amazon Bedrock to develop a system that assists practitioners with clinical decision-making. The system must give physicians treatment recommendations based only on approved medical documentation and must cite the specific sources. The system must not hallucinate or generate factually incorrect information.
Which solution will satisfy these requirements with the **LEAST** operational overhead?
A. Integrate Amazon Bedrock with Amazon Kendra to retrieve approved documents. Implement custom post-processing to compare generated responses against source documents and to include citations.
B. Deploy an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base and connect it to approved clinical source documents. Use the Amazon Bedrock RetrieveAndGenerate API to return citations from the knowledge base.
C. Use Amazon Bedrock and Amazon Comprehend Medical to extract medical entities. Implement verification logic against a medical terminology database.
D. Use an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base with Retrieve API calls and InvokeModel API calls to retrieve approved clinical source documents. Implement verification logic to compare against retrieved sources and to cite sources.

60. An ecommerce company uses Amazon Bedrock to build a customer-service AI assistant. The AI assistant must process more than 50,000 customer inquiries each day. During promotional events, the AI assistant occasionally has traffic spikes of up to 150,000 inquiries per day. Analysis indicates that 40% of inquiries follow similar patterns and share the same context.
A GenAI developer must design a solution that ensures low latency and consistent performance for the AI assistant during traffic spikes.
Which solution will meet these requirements in the **MOST** cost-effective way?
A. Configure latency-optimized inference by setting the latency parameter to optimized in the performance configuration of the request to Amazon Bedrock. Use prompt caching to handle the repetitive inquiries.
B. Purchase provisioned throughput and model units (MUs) that are sized to handle peak traffic loads. Use Amazon ElastiCache (Redis OSS) to cache repetitive inquiries.
C. Use Amazon Bedrock Agents and custom knowledge bases to pre-process customer inquiries. Configure cross-Region inference to distribute traffic.
D. Use AWS Lambda functions to pre-process requests by using a custom prompt routing mechanism. Use Amazon DynamoDB as a caching layer to handle frequently asked questions.

61. A bank is building a generative AI (GenAI)-powered AI assistant that uses Amazon Bedrock to help the bank’s website users with account inquiries and financial guidance. The bank must ensure that the AI assistant does not disclose any personally identifiable information (PII) during customer interactions.
The AI assistant must not transmit PII in prompts to the GenAI model. It must not respond to customer requests for investment advice. The bank must gather audit logs for all customer interactions, including any images or documents transmitted during those interactions.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** operational effort?
A. Use Amazon Macie to detect and redact PII in user inputs and in the model responses. Apply prompt engineering techniques to force the model to avoid investment advice topics. Use AWS CloudTrail to capture conversation logs.
B. Use an AWS Lambda function and Amazon Comprehend to detect and redact PII. Use Amazon Comprehend topic modeling to prevent the AI assistant from discussing investment advice topics. Set up custom metrics in Amazon CloudWatch to capture customer conversations.
C. Configure Amazon Bedrock guardrails to apply a sensitive information policy to detect and filter PII. Set up a topic policy to ensure that the AI assistant avoids investment advice topics. Use the Converse API to log model invocations. Enable delivery and image logging to Amazon S3.
D. Use regex controls to match patterns for PII. Apply prompt engineering techniques to avoid returning PII or investment advice topics to customers. Enable model invocation logging, delivery logging, and image logging to Amazon S3.

62. A company is building an internal generative AI (GenAI) assistant with Amazon Bedrock to summarize corporate documents for several business units. The GenAI assistant must produce responses in a consistent format that includes a document summary, business-risk classification, and terms flagged for review. The GenAI assistant must tailor the response tone to each user’s business unit, such as legal, human resources, or finance. The GenAI assistant must block hate speech, inappropriate topics, and sensitive information such as personal health information.
The company needs a solution for centrally managing prompt variants across business units and teams. The company wants to minimize ongoing orchestration work and maintenance of post-processing logic. The company also needs to be able to adjust the GenAI assistant’s content-moderation criteria over time.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** maintenance overhead?
A. Use Amazon Bedrock Prompt Management to configure reusable templates and business unit-specific prompt variants. Apply Amazon Bedrock guardrails that have category filters and sensitive term lists to block prohibited content.
B. Use Amazon Bedrock Prompt Management to define base templates. Enforce business unit-specific tone by using system prompt variables. Configure Amazon Bedrock guardrails to apply audience-based threshold tuning. Manage the guardrails by using an internal administration API.
C. Use Amazon Bedrock with business unit-based instruction injection in API calls. Store response formatting rules in Amazon DynamoDB. Use AWS Step functions to validate responses. Use Amazon Comprehend to apply content filters after the GenAI assistant generates responses.
D. Use Amazon Bedrock with custom prompt templates that are stored in Amazon DynamoDB. Create one AWS Lambda function to select business unit-specific prompts. Create a second Lambda function to call Amazon Comprehend to filter prohibited content from responses.

63. A wildlife conservation agency runs zoos around the world. It uses a variety of sensors, trackers, and audiovisual recorders to observe animal behavior. The agency wants to introduce a generative AI (GenAI) assistant that can ingest multimodal data to analyze animal behavior.
The GenAI assistant must support natural-language queries, avoid speculative interpretations of behavior, and retain audit logs for ethical research audits.
Which solution fulfills these requirements?
A. Ingest raw videos into Amazon Rekognition to detect animal postures and expressions. Use Amazon Data Firehose to stream sensor and GPS data into an Amazon S3 data lake. Prompt an Amazon Bedrock foundation model (FM) by using basic templates that are stored in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Use IAM policies to control access. Use AWS CloudTrail for audit logging.
B. Use Amazon SageMaker Processing and Amazon Transcribe to pre-process multimodal data. Ingest summaries into an Amazon Bedrock Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) knowledge base. Apply Amazon Bedrock guardrails to restrict speculative outputs. Use AWS AppConfig to manage prompt templates. Use AWS CloudTrail to log research activity for audits.
C. Use Amazon OpenSearch Serverless to index behavioral logs and telemetry events. Use Amazon Comprehend to extract entities. Use Amazon Bedrock to build a layer to answer questions. Embed study summaries into OpenSearch Serverless documents. Use IAM to control access. Use AWS CloudTrail to log user interactions with the AI assistant.
D. Configure Amazon Q Business to federate data across Amazon S3, Amazon Kinesis, and Amazon SageMaker Feature Store. Configure Amazon EventBridge to invoke data ingestion jobs. Use custom AWS Lambda functions to filter large language model (LLM) outputs for ethical compliance before returning results to users.

64. A company uses AWS Lambda and REST APIs to build a reasoning agent that automates support workflows. The system must retain memory across interactions, share relevant agent state, and support both event-driven and synchronous invocation. It must also enforce access control and session-based permissions.
Which combination of steps delivers the **MOST** scalable solution? (Choose two.)
A. Use Amazon Bedrock AgentCore to manage memory and session-aware reasoning. Deploy the agent with built-in identity support, event handling, and observability.
B. Register the Lambda functions and the REST APIs as actions by using Amazon API Gateway and Amazon EventBridge. Enable Amazon Bedrock AgentCore to invoke the Lambda functions and the REST APIs without custom orchestration code.
C. Use Amazon Bedrock Agents for reasoning and conversation management. Use AWS Step Functions and Amazon SQS queues for orchestration. Store the agent state in Amazon DynamoDB to maintain memory between steps.
D. Deploy the reasoning logic as a container on Amazon ECS behind Amazon API Gateway. Use Amazon Aurora to store memory data and identity data.
E. Build a custom RAG pipeline by using Amazon Kendra and Amazon Bedrock. Use AWS Lambda to orchestrate tool invocations. Store the agent state in Amazon S3.

65. A company offers a service that helps users worldwide discover new restaurants. The service has 50 million monthly active users. The company plans to implement a semantic search solution over a database containing 20 million restaurants and 200 million reviews. The company currently stores this data in a PostgresQL database.
The solution must support complex natural-language queries and return results for at least 95% of queries within 500 ms. It must preserve data freshness for restaurant details that are updated hourly. The solution must also scale cost-effectively during periods of peak usage.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** development effort?
A. Migrate the restaurant data to Amazon OpenSearch Service. Implement keyword-based search rules that use custom analyzers and relevance tuning to find restaurants based on attributes such as cuisine type, feature, and location. Create Amazon API Gateway HTTP API endpoints to transform user queries into structured search parameters.
B. Migrate the restaurant data to Amazon OpenSearch Service. Use a foundation model (FM) in Amazon Bedrock to generate vector embeddings from restaurant descriptions, reviews, and menu items. When users submit natural language queries, convert the queries to embeddings by using the same FM. Perform k-nearest neighbors (k-NN) searches to find semantically similar results.
C. Keep the restaurant data in PostgresQL and implement a pgvector extension. Use a foundation model (FM) in Amazon Bedrock to generate vector embeddings from restaurant data. Store the vector embeddings directly in PostgreSQL. Create an AWS Lambda function to convert natural language queries to vector representations by using the same FM. Configure the Lambda function to perform similarity searches within the database.
D. Migrate restaurant data to an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base by using a custom ingestion pipeline. Configure the knowledge base to automatically generate embeddings from restaurant information. Use the Amazon Bedrock Retrieve API with built-in vector search capabilities to query the knowledge base directly by using natural language input.

66. A company uses Amazon Bedrock to build a customer-support AI assistant. The AI assistant must answer customer questions about their accounts. It must not disclose personal information in its responses. The company must comply with data-residency policies by ensuring all processing takes place in the same AWS Region in which each customer is located.
Before making the AI assistant available to customers, the company wants to assess how effectively it prevents personal-information exposure.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Configure a cross-Region Amazon Bedrock guardrail to apply sensitive information filters. Set the guardrail to detect mode during development and testing. Switch to block mode for production deployment.
B. Configure an Amazon Bedrock guardrail to apply sensitive information filters. Set the guardrail to mask mode during development and testing. Switch to block mode for production deployment. Deploy a copy of the guardrail to each Region where the company operates.
C. Configure an Amazon Bedrock guardrail to apply content and topic filters. Set the guardrail to detect mode during development, testing, and production. Disable invocation logging for the Amazon Bedrock model.
D. Configure a cross-Region Amazon Bedrock guardrail to apply a set of content and word filters. Set the guardrail to detect mode during development and testing. Switch to mask mode for production deployment.

67. A company uses Amazon Bedrock to implement a Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)-based system that provides medical information to users. The company must compare multiple chunking strategies, assess the generation quality of two foundation models (FMs), and enforce quality thresholds for deployment.
Which Amazon Bedrock evaluation configuration meets these requirements?
A. Create a retrieve-only evaluation job that uses a supported version of Anthropic Claude Sonnet as the evaluator model. Configure metrics for context relevance and context coverage. Define deployment thresholds in a separate CI/CD pipeline.
B. Create a retrieve-and-generate evaluation job that uses custom precision at k metrics and an LLM-as-a-judge metric that uses a scale of 1-5. Include each chunking strategy in the evaluation dataset. Use a supported version of Anthropic Claude Sonnet to evaluate responses from both FMs.
C. Create a separate evaluation job for each chunking strategy and FM combination. Use Amazon Bedrock built-in metrics for correctness and completeness. Manually review scores before deployment approval.
D. Set up a pipeline that uses multiple retrieve-only evaluation jobs to assess retrieval quality. Create separate evaluation jobs for both FMs that use Amazon Nova Pro as the LLM-as-a-judge model. Evaluate based on faithfulness and citation precision metrics.

68. A financial services company must preprocess unstructured data, including customer transcripts, financial reports, and documentation. The company stores this unstructured data in Amazon S3 to support an Amazon Bedrock application.
The company must validate data quality, produce auditable metadata, monitor data metrics, and customize text chunking to optimize foundation model (FM) performance.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** development effort?
A. Use Amazon SageMaker Data Wrangler to create a data flow. Configure Amazon CloudWatch metrics and alarms to monitor data quality. Use a custom AWS Lambda function to pre-process the data. Load processed data into Amazon Bedrock.
B. Set up an AWS Glue crawler to catalog data sources. Create AWS Glue ETL jobs to run custom transformation scripts. Use AWS Glue Data Quality to validate and monitor data quality. Load processed data into Amazon Bedrock.
C. Use Amazon Comprehend to extract entities. Create an AWS Lambda function to chunk text. Run Amazon Athena to query and validate data quality. Load processed data into Amazon Bedrock.
D. Create an AWS Step Functions workflow to orchestrate data pre-processing tasks. Run custom code on Amazon EC2 instances to process the data. Use Amazon SageMaker Model Monitor to monitor data quality. Load processed data into Amazon Bedrock.

69. A financial technology company uses Amazon Bedrock to develop an assessment system for its customer-service AI assistant. The AI assistant must give financial recommendations that are factually correct, compliant with financial regulations, and appropriate in conversation. The company must combine automated quality assessments at scale with targeted human review of critical interactions.
Which solution will satisfy these requirements?
A. Configure a pipeline in which financial experts manually score all responses for accuracy, compliance, and conversational quality. Use Amazon SageMaker notebooks to analyze results to identify improvement areas.
B. Configure Amazon Bedrock evaluations that use Anthropic Claude Sonnet as a judge model to assess response accuracy and appropriateness. Configure custom Amazon Bedrock guardrails to check responses for compliance with financial policies. Add Amazon Augmented AI (Amazon A2I) human reviews for flagged critical interactions.
C. Create an Amazon Lex bot to manage the customer service interactions. Configure AWS Lambda functions to check responses against a static compliance database. Configure intents in the bot that call the Lambda functions to check the responses. Add an additional intent to collect end-user reviews.
D. Configure Amazon CloudWatch to monitor response patterns from the AI assistant. Configure CloudWatch alerts for potential compliance violations. Establish a team of human evaluators to review flagged interactions.

70. A GenAI developer is assessing Amazon Bedrock foundation models (FMs) to improve a Europe-based company’s internal business application. The company has a multi-account landing zone in AWS Control Tower. The company uses SCPs to permit its accounts to use only the eu-north-1 Region and the eu-west-1 Region. All customer data must stay in private networks within the approved AWS Regions.
The GenAI developer chooses an FM after analysis and testing and hosts the model in the eu-central-1 Region and the eu-west-3 Region. The GenAI developer must enable the company’s employees to access the FM. The GenAI developer must ensure that FM requests are private and remain in the same Regions as the FM.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Deploy an AWS Lambda function that is exposed by a private Amazon API Gateway REST API to a VPC in eu-north-1. Create a VPC endpoint for the selected FM in eu-central-1 and eu-west-3. Extend existing SCPs to allow employees to use the FM. Integrate the REST API with the business application.
B. Deploy the FM on Amazon EC2 instances in eu-north-1. Deploy a private Amazon API Gateway REST API in front of the EC2 instances. Configure an Amazon Bedrock VPC endpoint. Integrate the REST API with the business application.
C. Configure the FM to use cross-Region inference through an eu.amazon.* endpoint to ensure that all calls remain within Europe. Configure an Amazon Bedrock VPC endpoint. Extend existing SCPs to allow employees to use the FM through inference profiles in Europe-based Regions where the FM is available. Use an inference profile to integrate Amazon Bedrock with the business application.
D. Deploy the FM in Amazon SageMaker AI in eu-north-1. Configure a SageMaker AI VPC endpoint. Extend existing SCPs to allow employees to use the SageMaker AI endpoint. Integrate the FM in SageMaker AI with the business application.

71. A company operates a generative AI (GenAI)-powered summarization application in an application AWS account that uses Amazon Bedrock. The application architecture contains an Amazon API Gateway REST API that routes requests to AWS Lambda functions attached to private VPC subnets. The application summarizes sensitive customer records that the company stores in a governed data lake in a centralized data storage account. The company has enabled Amazon S3, Amazon Athena, and AWS Glue in the data storage account.
The company must ensure that the application's calls to Amazon Bedrock use only private connectivity between the company’s application VPC and Amazon Bedrock. The company’s data lake must offer fine-grained, column-level access across the company’s AWS accounts.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. In the application account, create interface VPC endpoints for Amazon Bedrock runtimes. Run Lambda functions in private subnets. Use IAM conditions on inference and data-plane policies to allow calls only to approved endpoints and roles. In the data storage account, use AWS Lake Formation LF-tag-based access control to create table and column-level cross-account grants.
B. Run Lambda functions in private subnets. Configure a NAT gateway to provide access to Amazon Bedrock and the data lake. Use S3 bucket policies and ACLs to manage permissions. Export AWS CloudTrail logs to Amazon S3 to perform weekly reviews.
C. Create a gateway endpoint only for Amazon S3 in the application account. Invoke Amazon Bedrock through public endpoints. Use database-level grants in AWS Lake Formation to manage data access. Stream AWS CloudTrail logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Do not set up metric filters or alarms.
D. Use VPC endpoints to provide access to Amazon Bedrock and Amazon S3 in the application account. Use only IAM path-based policies to manage data lake access. Send AWS CloudTrail logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Periodically create dashboards and allow public fallback for cross-Region reads to reduce setup time.

72. A financial services company is building a generative AI (GenAI) application for both premium and standard customers. The application uses AWS Lambda functions behind an Amazon API Gateway REST API to process requests. The company must dynamically switch between AI models according to each user's customer tier. The company also wants to conduct A/B testing for new features without redeploying code. The company must validate model parameters, such as temperature and maximum token limits, before applying changes.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** operational overhead?
A. Create an AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store parameters for each configuration. Use Lambda functions to poll for parameter updates. Use Amazon EventBridge events to trigger redeployments when configurations change.
B. Store model configurations in Amazon DynamoDB tables. Optimize access patterns to retrieve configurations according to customer tier. Configure Lambda functions to query DynamoDB at the beginning of each request to determine which model to use.
C. Use AWS AppConfig to manage model configurations. Use feature flags to perform A/B testing. Define JSON schema validation rules for model parameters. Configure Lambda functions to retrieve configurations by using the AWS AppConfig Agent.
D. Create an Amazon ElastiCache (Redis OSS) cluster to store model configurations. Set short TTL values. Run custom validation logic in Lambda functions. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor configuration usage.

73. A company runs multiple Amazon Bedrock-based generative AI (GenAI) applications across several business units for customer service, content generation, and document analysis. Some applications have unpredictable token-consumption patterns. The company needs a comprehensive observability solution that delivers real-time visibility into token-usage patterns across multiple models. The observability solution must support custom dashboards for multiple stakeholder groups and offer alerting for token consumption across all foundational models used by the company’s applications.
Which combination of solutions will meet these requirements with the **LEAST** operational overhead? *(Choose two.)*
A. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics as data sources to create custom Amazon QuickSight dashboards that show token usage trends and usage patterns across FMs.
B. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs Insights to analyze Amazon Bedrock invocation logs for token consumption patterns and usage attribution by application. Create custom queries to identify high-usage scenarios. Add log widgets to dashboards to enable continuous monitoring.
C. Create custom Amazon CloudWatch dashboards that combine native Amazon Bedrock token and invocation CloudWatch metrics. Set up CloudWatch alarms to monitor token usage thresholds.
D. Create dashboards that show token usage trends and patterns across the company's FMs by using an Amazon Bedrock zero-ETL integration with Amazon Managed Grafana.
E. Implement Amazon EventBridge rules to capture Amazon Bedrock model invocation events. Route token usage data to an Amazon Data Firehose delivery stream that targets Amazon OpenSearch Serverless. Use OpenSearch dashboards to analyze usage patterns.

74. A software company uses Amazon Q Business to build an AI assistant that lets employees access company information and personal information through natural-language prompts. The company stores this information in an Amazon S3 bucket.
Each department has a dedicated prefix in the S3 bucket. Every object name includes the S3 prefix for the department to which it belongs. Each department can belong to only one group in AWS IAM Identity Center. Each employee belongs to one department.
The company configures Amazon Q Business to access data in an S3 bucket as a data source. The company must ensure that the AI assistant honors access controls according to the user's IAM Identity Center group membership.
Which solution meets this requirement with the **LEAST** operational overhead?
A. Create a JSON file named acl.json in each department folder. In each file, create access control entries that specify the IAM Identity Center group that should have access to that department's data. Indicate the location of the JSON file in the Access Control section of the data source settings.
B. Create a single JSON file named acl.json at the top level of the S3 bucket. Add access control entries that map each department's S3 prefix to its corresponding IAM Identity Center group. Indicate the location of the JSON file in the Access Control section of the data source settings.
C. For each IAM Identity Center group, create a separate permissions set that denies access to all prefixes in the S3 bucket. Add a StringNotEquals condition key to the permissions set for each group that specifies the department each group is associated with. Attach the permissions sets to the Identity Center groups.
D. Create a metadata file named metadata.json at the top level of the S3 bucket. Add an AccessControlList object to the file that specifies the S3 path of each department's prefix. Specify the IAM Identity Center group that should have access to each department's prefix. Reference the file location in the data source metadata settings.

75. A company uses Amazon Bedrock and Anthropic Claude 3 Haiku to build an AI assistant. The AI assistant typically handles 10,000 requests per hour, but during peak-use periods it experiences surges of up to 30,000 requests per hour. The AI assistant must respond within 2 seconds while operating across multiple AWS Regions.
The company finds that, during peak-use periods, the AI assistant has throughput bottlenecks that result in increased latency and occasional request timeouts. The company must address these performance issues.
Which solution will meet this requirement?
A. Purchase provisioned throughput and sufficient model units (MUs) in a single Region. Configure the application to retry failed requests with exponential backoff.
B. Implement token batching to reduce API overhead. Use cross-Region inference profiles to automatically distribute traffic across available Regions.
C. Set up auto scaling AWS Lambda functions in each Region. Implement client-side round-robin request distribution. Purchase one model unit (MU) of provisioned throughput as a backup.
D. Implement batch inference for all requests by using Amazon S3 buckets across multiple Regions. Use Amazon SQS to set up an asynchronous retrieval process.

76. A company is developing a video-analysis platform on AWS. The platform will analyze a large video archive using Amazon Rekognition and Amazon Bedrock. It must comply with predefined privacy standards, use secure model I/O, control foundation model (FM) access patterns, and provide an audit trail showing who accessed what and when.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Configure VPC endpoints for Amazon Bedrock model API calls. Implement Amazon Bedrock Guardrails to filter harmful or unauthorized content in prompts and responses. Use Amazon Bedrock trace events to track all agent and model invocations for auditing purposes. Export the traces to Amazon CloudWatch Logs as an audit record of model usage. Store all prompts and outputs in Amazon S3 with server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS).
B. Define access control by using IAM with attribute-based controls to map departments to specific permissions. Configure VPC endpoints for Amazon Bedrock model API calls. Use IAM condition keys to enforce specific GuardrailIdentifier and ModelId values. Configure AWS CloudTrail to capture management and data events for S3 objects and KMS key usage activities. Enable S3 server access logging to record detailed file-level interactions with the video archives. Send all CloudTrail logs to AWS CloudTrail Lake. Set up Amazon CloudWatch alarms to detect and alert on unexpected activity from Amazon Bedrock, Amazon Rekognition, and AWS KMS.
C. Restrict access to services by using VPC endpoint policies. Use AWS Config to track resource changes and compliance with security rules. Use server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS) to encrypt data at rest. Store the model's I/O in separate Amazon S3 buckets. Enable S3 server access logging to track file-level interactions.
D. Configure AWS CloudTrail Insights to analyze API call patterns across accounts and detect anomalous activity in Amazon Bedrock, Amazon Rekognition, Amazon S3, and AWS KMS. Deploy Amazon Macie to scan and classify the video archive. Use server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS) to encrypt all stored data. Configure CloudTrail to capture KMS API usage events for audit purposes. Configure Amazon EventBridge rules to process CloudTrail Insights anomalies and Macie findings. Use CloudWatch alarms to trigger automated notifications and security responses when potential security issues are detected.

77. A company is building a generative AI (GenAI) application that uses Amazon Bedrock foundation models (FMs). The application includes several custom tool integrations. Despite steady user traffic, the application has encountered unexpected surges in token consumption.
The company requires a solution that uses Amazon Bedrock model invocation logging to monitor `InputTokenCount` and `OutputTokenCount` metrics. The solution must detect unusual tool-usage patterns and determine which specific tool integrations are responsible for abnormal token consumption. It must also automatically adjust thresholds as traffic patterns evolve.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs to capture model invocation logs. Create CloudWatch dashboards based on InputTokenCount metrics and OutputTokenCount metrics. Configure static CloudWatch alarms with fixed thresholds for each tool integration.
B. Store model invocation logs in an Amazon S3 bucket. Use AWS Glue to catalog the logs. Analyze token consumption patterns by using scheduled Amazon Athena queries that generate reports on tool usage trends.
C. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs to capture model invocation logs. Create CloudWatch metric filters to extract tool-specific invocation patterns. Apply CloudWatch anomaly detection alarms that adjust baselines for each tool's metrics.
D. Store model invocation logs in an Amazon S3 bucket. Create an AWS Lambda function to process logs in real time. Manually update Amazon CloudWatch alarm thresholds based on token consumption trends that the Lambda function identifies.

78. A healthcare company is building a document management system that stores medical research papers in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company must create a comprehensive metadata framework to improve search precision for a generative AI (GenAI) application that analyzes the research papers. The metadata framework must include document timestamps, author details, and research-domain classifications.
The solution must preserve a consistent metadata structure for every uploaded document. The solution must enable foundation models (FMs) to understand document context without accessing the complete content.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Store document timestamps in Amazon S3 system metadata. Use S3 object tags to implement domain classification. Implement custom user-defined metadata to store author information.
B. Set up S3 Object Lock with legal holds to track document timestamps. Use S3 object tags to store author information. Implement S3 access points for domain classification.
C. Use S3 Inventory reports to track document timestamps. Create S3 access points to implement domain classification. Store author information in S3 Storage Lens dashboards.
D. Use custom user-defined metadata to store author information. Use S3 Object Lock retention periods to track document timestamps. Use S3 Event Notifications to implement domain classification.

79. A company is developing a generative AI (GenAI) application that processes financial reports and provides summaries to analysts. The application must operate in two compute environments. In one environment, an AWS Lambda function must use the Python SDK to analyze reports on demand. In the other environment, Amazon EKS containers must use the JavaScript SDK to batch-process multiple reports on a schedule. The application must maintain conversational context during multi-turn interactions, use the same foundation model (FM) in both environments, and provide consistent authentication.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Use the Amazon Bedrock InvokeModel API with a separate authentication method for each environment. Store conversation states in Amazon DynamoDB. Use custom I/O formatting logic for each programming language.
B. Use the Amazon Bedrock Converse API directly in both environments with a common authentication mechanism that uses IAM roles. Store conversation states in Amazon ElastiCache. Creating programming language-specific wrappers for model parameters.
C. Create a centralized Amazon API Gateway REST API endpoint that handles all model interactions by using the InvokeModel API. Store interaction history in application process memory in each Lambda function or EKS container. Use environment variables to configure model parameters.
D. Use the Amazon Bedrock Converse API and IAM roles for authentication. Pass previous messages in the request messages array to maintain conversational context. Use programming language-specific SDKs to establish consistent API interfaces.

80. A company is building a customer communication platform that uses an AI assistant powered by an Amazon Bedrock foundation model (FM). The AI assistant summarizes customer messages and creates initial response drafts.
The company plans to use Amazon Comprehend to implement layered content filtering. The layered filtering must prevent the sharing of offensive content, protect customer privacy, and identify potential solicitation of inappropriate advice. Inappropriate advice solicitation includes requests for unethical practices, harmful activities, or manipulative behaviors. The solution must preserve acceptable overall response times; therefore, all pre-processing filters must complete before content reaches the FM.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Use parallel processing with asynchronous API calls. Use toxicity detection for offensive content. Use prompt safety classification for inappropriate advice solicitation. Use personally identifiable information (PII) detection without redaction.
B. Use custom classification to build an FM that detects offensive content and inappropriate advice solicitation. Apply personally identifiable information (PII) detection as a secondary filter only when messages pass the custom classifier.
C. Deploy a multi-stage process. Configure the process to use prompt safety classification first, then toxicity detection on safe prompts only, and finally personally identifiable information (PII) detection in streaming mode. Route flagged messages through Amazon EventBridge for human review.
D. Use toxicity detection with thresholds configured to 0.5 for all categories. Use parallel processing for both prompt safety classification and personally identifiable information (PII) detection with entity redaction. Apply Amazon CloudWatch alarms to filter metrics.

81. A retail company operates a generative AI (GenAI) product-recommendation application that uses Amazon Bedrock. The application recommends products to customers according to browsing history and demographics. The company must implement fairness evaluation across multiple demographic groups to identify and quantify bias in recommendations between two prompt approaches. The company wants to gather and monitor fairness metrics in real time. The company must receive an alert when the fairness metrics reveal a discrepancy greater than 15% between demographic groups. The company must receive weekly reports that compare the performance of the two prompt approaches.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** custom development effort?
A. Configure an Amazon CloudWatch dashboard to display default metrics from Amazon Bedrock API calls. Create custom metrics based on model outputs. Set up Amazon EventBridge rules to invoke AWS lambda functions that perform post-processing analysis on model responses and publish custom fairness metrics.
B. Create the two prompt variants in Amazon Bedrock Prompt Management. Use Amazon Bedrock Flows to deploy the prompt variants with defined traffic allocation. Configure Amazon Bedrock guardrails that have content filters to monitor demographic fairness. Set up Amazon CloudWatch alarms on the GuardrailContentSource dimension that use InvocationsIntervened metrics to detect recommendation discrepancy threshold violations.
C. Set up Amazon SageMaker Clarify to analyze model outputs. Publish fairness metrics to Amazon CloudWatch. Create CloudWatch composite alarms that combine SageMaker Clarify bias metrics with Amazon Bedrock latency metrics to provide a comprehensive fairness evaluation dashboard.
D. Create an Amazon Bedrock model evaluation job to compare fairness between the two prompt variants. Enable model invocation logging in Amazon CloudWatch. Set up CloudWatch alarms for InvocationsIntervened metrics with a dimension for each demographic group.

82. A company is deploying a serverless inference API with AWS Lambda. The API will dynamically invoke multiple AI models hosted on Amazon Bedrock. The company must design a solution that can switch model providers in real time without changing or redeploying Lambda code. The design must provide safe configuration rollouts, validation, and rollback capabilities.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Store the active model provider in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Configure a Lambda function to read the parameter at runtime to determine which model to invoke.
B. Store the active model provider in AWS AppConfig. Configure a Lambda function to read the configuration at runtime to determine which model to invoke.
C. Configure an Amazon API Gateway REST API to route requests to separate Lambda functions. Hardcode each Lambda function to a specific model provider. Switch the integration target manually.
D. Store the active model provider in a JSON file hosted on Amazon S3. Use AWS AppConfig to reference the S3 file as a hosted configuration source. Configure a Lambda function to read the file through AppConfig at runtime to determine which model to invoke.

83. A company plans to deploy multiple generative AI (GenAI) applications to five independent business units operating across multiple countries in Europe and the Americas. Each application uses Amazon Bedrock Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) patterns with knowledge bases specific to each business unit that store terabytes of unstructured data.
The company must create well-architected, standardized components for security controls, observability practices, and deployment patterns across all GenAI applications. The components must be reusable, versioned, and governed consistently.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Configure Amazon API Gateway REST API endpoints for the GenAI applications. Deploy common security, observability, and RAG patterns based on the AWS Well-Architected Generative AI Lens in standardized AWS CloudFormation templates. Use CloudFormation Guard after the deployment to validate policy compliance in each business unit.
B. Create standardized AWS CloudFormation templates to implement security, observability, and RAG patterns based on the AWS Well-Architected Generative AI Lens. Establish a centralized repository that performs version control. Integrate a CI/CD pipeline with CloudFormation Guard to enforce consistent and repeatable deployments across business units.
C. Use AWS Service Catalog to define standardized portfolios and versioned products for each business unit. Use the portfolios to enforce security, observability, and RAG patterns based on the AWS Well-Architected Generative AI Lens. Require the business units to use the Service Catalog console to deploy resources.
D. Document security controls, observability requirements, and RAG patterns based on the AWS Well-Architected Generative AI Lens in a shared design document. Use Amazon Macie to enforce deployment. Delegate implementation responsibility to each business unit.

84. An elevator service company has developed an AI assistant application using Amazon Bedrock. The application produces elevator maintenance recommendations to support the company’s elevator technicians. The company uses Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to collect elevator sensor data.
New regulatory rules require a human technician to review every AI-generated recommendation. The company needs to establish human-oversight workflows to review and approve AI recommendations. The company must retain all human technician review decisions for audit purposes.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Create a custom approval workflow by using AWS Lambda functions and Amazon SQS queues for human review of AI recommendations. Store all review decisions in Amazon DynamoDB for audit purposes.
B. Create an AWS Step Functions workflow that has a human approval step that uses the waitForTaskToken API to pause execution. After a human technician completes a review, use an AWS Lambda function to call the SendTaskSuccess API that has the approval decision. Store all review decisions in Amazon DynamoDB.
C. Create an AWS Glue workflow that has a human approval step. After the human technician review, integrate the application with an AWS Lambda function that calls the SendTaskSuccess API. Store all human technician review decisions in Amazon DynamoDB.
D. Configure Amazon EventBridge rules with custom event patterns to route AI recommendations to human technicians for review. Create AWS Glue jobs to process human technician approval queues. Use Amazon ElastiCache to cache all human technician review decisions.

85. A healthcare organization uses Amazon Bedrock to create a Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) application that assists practitioners with clinical decision-making. The application must provide high accuracy when retrieving patient information, detect hallucinations in generated content, and lower human-review costs.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Use Amazon Comprehend to analyze and classify RAG responses and to extract medical entities and relationships. Use AWS Step Functions to orchestrate automated evaluations. Configure Amazon CloudWatch metrics to track entity recognition confidence scores. Configure CloudWatch to send an alert when accuracy falls below specified thresholds.
B. Implement automated large language model (LLM)-based evaluations that use a specialized model that is fine-tuned for medical content to assess all responses. Deploy AWS Lambda functions to parallelize evaluations. Publish results to Amazon CloudWatch metrics that track relevance and factual accuracy.
C. Configure Amazon CloudWatch Synthetics to generate test queries that have known answers on a regular schedule, and track model success rates. Set up dashboards that compare synthetic test results against expected outcomes.
D. Deploy a hybrid evaluation system that uses an automated LLM-as-a-judge evaluation to initially screen responses and targeted human reviews for edge cases. Use Amazon SageMaker Feature Store to maintain evaluation datasets. Use a built-in Amazon Bedrock evaluation to track retrieval precision and hallucination rates.

86. A software as a service (SaaS) company is developing a recommendation model that uses Amazon SageMaker AI to support an application that recommends airline cabin upgrades to customers. The company will host SageMaker AI models on Amazon Bedrock by using Amazon Bedrock Custom Model Import. Airline companies will use the application to send customized offers to customers.
The model must analyze customers' travel history to make more relevant recommendations. The company stores customer travel history data in an Amazon RDS database. The company must ensure that the application provides consistent, relevant, and accurate results across multiple airlines and customer populations.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Use Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases to implement a RAG architecture to analyze customer travel history data to give the application semantic search capabilities. Use the semantic search capabilities to retrieve relevant booking patterns, preferences, and loyalty information to generate personalized cabin upgrade recommendations. Apply Amazon Bedrock guardrails to filter content. Use AWS Step Functions and AWS Lambda functions to orchestrate validation workflows to reduce hallucinations.
B. Implement text-to-SQL transformations with SQL validations to accurately retrieve relevant booking patterns, preferences, and loyalty information from the RDS database. Use the results to generate personalized cabin upgrade recommendations. Apply Amazon Bedrock guardrails to filter content. Use AWS Step Functions and AWS Lambda functions to orchestrate validation workflows to reduce hallucinations.
C. Use Amazon OpenSearch Service to implement vector searches of customer travel history embeddings. Use the vector searches to give the application the ability to perform similarity-based retrieval of booking patterns, preferences, and loyalty information to generate personalized cabin upgrade recommendations. Apply Amazon Bedrock guardrails to filter responses. Use confidence scoring and semantic similarity searches to reduce hallucinations.
D. Implement text-to-SQL transformations with SQL validations to accurately retrieve relevant booking patterns, preferences, and loyalty information from the RDS database. Use the results to generate personalized cabin upgrade recommendations. Apply Amazon Bedrock guardrails to filter responses. Use confidence scoring and semantic similarity searches to reduce hallucinations.

87. A financial-services company is building a customer-service AI assistant application that uses a foundation model (FM) in Amazon Bedrock. The application must provide transparent responses by documenting its reasoning and citing the sources used for Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG). It must capture comprehensive audit trails for every user response. The application must support up to 10,000 concurrent users and respond to each customer inquiry within 2 seconds.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **least operational overhead**?
A. Enable tracing for Amazon Bedrock agents. Configure structured prompts that direct the FM to provide evidence presentations. Integrate Amazon Bedrock knowledge bases with data sources to enable RAG. Configure the application to reference and cite authoritative content. Deploy the application in a Multi-AZ architecture. Use Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda functions to scale the application. Use Amazon CloudFront to provide low-latency delivery.
B. Enable tracing for Amazon Bedrock agents. Integrate a custom RAG pipeline with Amazon OpenSearch Service to retrieve and cite sources. Configure structured prompts to present retrieved evidence. Deploy the application behind an Amazon API Gateway REST API. Use AWS Lambda functions and Amazon CloudFront to scale the application and to provide low latency. Store logs in Amazon S3 and use AWS CloudTrail to capture audit trails.
C. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor latency and error rates. Embed model prompts directly in the application backend to cite sources. Store application interactions with users in Amazon RDS for audits.
D. Store generated responses and supporting evidence in an Amazon S3 bucket. Enable versioning on the bucket for audits. Use AWS Glue to catalog retrieved documents. Process the retrieved documents in Amazon Athena to generate periodic compliance reports.

88. A company uses an AI assistant application to summarize its website content and provide information to customers. The company plans to use Amazon Bedrock to provide the application with access to a foundation model (FM).
The company must deploy the AI assistant application to both a development environment and a production environment. The solution must integrate the environments with the FM. The company wants to evaluate the effectiveness of different FMs in each environment. The solution must allow product owners to easily switch between FMs for testing in each environment.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Create one AWS CDK application. Create multiple pipelines in AWS CodePipeline. Configure each pipeline to have its own settings for each FM. Configure the application to invoke the Amazon Bedrock FMs by using the aws_bedrock.ProvisionedModel.fromProvisionedModelArn() method.
B. Create a separate AWS CDK application for each environment. Configure the applications to invoke the Amazon Bedrock FMs by using the aws_bedrock.FoundationModel.fromFoundationModelId() method. Create a separate pipeline in AWS CodePipeline for each environment.
C. Create one AWS CDK application. Configure the application to invoke the Amazon Bedrock FMs by using the aws_bedrock.FoundationModel.fromFoundationModelId() method. Create a pipeline in AWS CodePipeline pipeline that has a deployment stage for each environment that uses AWS CodeBuild deploy actions.
D. Create one AWS CDK application for the production environment. Configure the application to invoke the Amazon Bedrock FMs by using the aws_bedrock.ProvisionedModel.fromProvisionedModelArn() method. Create a pipeline in AWS CodePipeline. Configure the pipeline to deploy to the production environment by using an AWS CodeBuild deploy action. For the development environment, manually recreate the resources by referring to the production application code.

89. A company uses Amazon Bedrock to create a customer-facing AI assistant that handles sensitive customer inquiries. The company must use defense-in-depth safety controls to block sophisticated prompt-injection attacks, retain audit logs for every safety intervention, and provide cross-Region failover for the AI assistant.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Configure Amazon Bedrock guardrails to use content filters to protect against prompt injection attacks. Set the content filters to high. Use a guardrail profile to implement cross-Region guardrail inference. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs with custom metrics to capture detailed guardrail intervention events.
B. Configure Amazon Bedrock guardrails to use content filters to protect against prompt injection attacks. Set the content filters to high. Use AWS WAF to block suspicious inputs. Use AWS CloudTrail to log API calls for audits.
C. Deploy Amazon Comprehend custom classification to detect prompt injection attacks. Use Amazon API Gateway to validate requests. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs with custom metrics to capture detailed intervention events.
D. Configure Amazon Bedrock guardrails to use custom content filters to protect against harmful content. Set the content filters to high. Use word filters to protect against known attack patterns. Configure cross-Region guardrail replication to provide failover capabilities. Store logs in AWS CloudTrail for compliance auditing.

90. A financial services company is building a real-time generative AI (GenAI) assistant to assist human call center agents. The GenAI assistant must transcribe live customer speech, analyze context, and deliver incremental suggestions to call center agents while the customer is still speaking. To maintain responsiveness, the GenAI assistant must keep end-to-end latency below 1 second from speech to the initial response display. The architecture must use only managed AWS services and support bidirectional streaming so that call center agents receive real-time updates.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Use the Amazon Transcribe streaming API to transcribe calls. Pass the text to Amazon Comprehend to perform sentiment analysis. Feed the results to Anthropic Claude on Amazon Bedrock by using the InvokeModel API. Store results in Amazon DynamoDB. Use a WebSocket API to display the results.
B. Use Amazon Transcribe streaming with partial results enabled to deliver fragments of transcribed text before customers finish speaking. Forward text fragments to Amazon Bedrock by using the InvokeModelWithResponseStream API. Stream responses to call center agents through an Amazon API Gateway WebSocket API.
C. Use Amazon Transcribe batch processing to convert calls to text. Pass complete transcripts to Anthropic Claude on Amazon Bedrock by using the ConverseStream API. Return responses through an Amazon Lex chatbot interface that call center agents can access from their work computers.
D. Use the Amazon Transcribe streaming API with an AWS Lambda function to transcribe each audio segment. Configure the Lambda function to call the Amazon Titan Embeddings model on Amazon Bedrock by using the InvokeModel API. Configure the Lambda function to publish results to an Amazon SNS topic. Subscribe the call center agents to the SNS topic.

91. A company uses AWS Lake Formation to configure a data lake that contains databases and tables for multiple business units across multiple AWS Regions. The company wants to use a foundation model (FM) through Amazon Bedrock for fraud detection. The FM must ingest sensitive financial data from the data lake. The data includes some customer personally identifiable information (PM).
The company must design an access-control solution that prevents PI I from appearing in a production environment. The FM must access only authorized data subsets with PH redacted from specific data columns. The company must capture audit trails for all data access.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Create a separate dataset in a separate Amazon S3 bucket for each business unit and Region combination. Configure S3 bucket policies to control access based on IAM roles that are assigned to FM training instances. Use S3 access logs to track data access.
B. Configure the FM to authenticate by using IAM roles and Lake Formation permissions based on LF-Tag expressions. Define business units and Regions as LF-Tags that are assigned to databases and tables. Use AWS CloudTrail to collect comprehensive audit trails of data access.
C. Use direct IAM principal grants on specific databases and tables in Lake Formation. Create a custom application layer that logs access requests and further filters sensitive columns before sending data to the FM.
D. Configure the FM to request temporary credentials from AWS STS. Access the data by using presigned S3 URLs that are generated by an API that applies business unit and Regional filters. Use AWS CloudTrail to collect comprehensive audit trails of data access.

92. A company uses Amazon Bedrock to build a Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) system. The RAG system uses an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base that relies on an Amazon S3 bucket as its data source for emergency-news video content. The system retrieves transcripts, archived reports, and related documents from the S3 bucket.
The RAG system uses state-of-the-art embedding models and a high-performing retrieval configuration. However, users report slow responses and irrelevant results, resulting in lower user satisfaction. The company observes that vector searches evaluate too many documents across too many content types and over excessively long time periods.
The company determines that the underlying models would not benefit from additional fine-tuning. The company must improve retrieval accuracy by applying smarter constraints. The company wants a solution that requires minimal changes to the existing architecture.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Enhance embeddings by using a domain-adapted model that is specifically trained on emergency news content for improved vector similarity.
B. Migrate to Amazon OpenSearch Service. Use vector fields and metadata filters to define the scope of results retrieval.
C. Enable metadata-aware filtering within the Amazon Bedrock knowledge base by indexing S3 object metadata.
D. Migrate to an Amazon Q Business index to perform structured metadata filtering and document categorization during retrieval.

93. An ecommerce company uses Amazon Bedrock to develop a generative AI (GenAI) application. The application uses AWS Step Functions to orchestrate a multi-agent workflow that produces detailed product descriptions. The workflow contains three sequential states: a description generator, a technical-specifications validator, and a brand-voice consistency checker. Each state generates intermediate reasoning traces and outputs that are passed to the following state. The application uses an Amazon S3 bucket for process storage and output storage.
During testing, the company finds that outputs passed between Step Functions states frequently exceed the 256 KB quota, causing workflow failures.
A GenAI Developer must revise the application architecture to efficiently handle the Step Functions 256 KB quota while maintaining workflow observability. The revised architecture must retain the existing multi-agent reasoning and acting (ReAct) pattern.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** operational overhead?
A. Store intermediate outputs in Amazon DynamoDB. Pass only references between states. Create a Map state that retrieves the complete data from DynamoDB when required for each agent's processing step.
B. Configure an Amazon Bedrock integration to use the S3 bucket URI in the input parameter for large outputs. Use the ResultPath field and the ResultSelector field to route S3 references between the agent steps while maintaining the sequential validation workflow.
C. Use AWS Lambda functions to compress outputs to less than 256 KB before each agent state. Configure each agent task to decompress the outputs before processing and to compress results before passing them to the next state.
D. Configure a separate Step Functions state machine to handle each agent's processing. Use Amazon EventBridge to coordinate the execution flow between state machines. Use S3 references for the outputs as event data.

94. A legal research company operates a Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) application that uses Amazon Bedrock and Amazon OpenSearch Service. The application stores 768-dimensional vector embeddings for 15 million legal documents, including statutes, court rulings, and case summaries.
The company’s current chunking strategy divides text into fixed-length blocks of 500 tokens. This strategy frequently separates contextually connected information, such as legal arguments, court opinions, or statute references, into different chunks. Researchers report that generated outputs often leave out critical context or reference outdated legal information.
Recent application logs show a 40% rise in response times. The p95 latency metric is greater than 2 seconds. The company anticipates that the application’s storage requirements will increase from 90 GB to 360 GB within one year.
The company needs a solution that improves retrieval relevance and system performance at scale.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Increase the embedding vector dimensionality from 768 to 4,096 without changing the existing chunking or pre-processing strategy.
B. Replace dynamic retrieval with static, pre-written summaries that are stored in Amazon S3. Use Amazon CloudFront to serve the summaries to reduce compute demand and improve predictability.
C. Update the chunking strategy to use semantic boundaries such as complete legal arguments, clauses, or sections rather than fixed token limits. Regenerate vector embeddings to align with the new chunk structure.
D. Migrate from OpenSearch Service to Amazon DynamoDB. Implement keyword-based indexes to enable faster lookups for legal concepts.

95. A healthcare company is building an application to process medical queries. The application must answer complex queries with high accuracy while reducing semantic dilution. It must reference domain-specific terminology in medical documents to reduce ambiguity in medical terms. The application must also respond to 1,000 queries per minute with response times of less than 2 seconds.
Which solution meets these requirements with the **LEAST** operational overhead?
A. Use Amazon API Gateway to route incoming queries to an Amazon Bedrock agent. Configure the agent to use an Anthropic Claude model to decompose queries and an Amazon Titan model to expand queries. Create an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base to store the reference medical documents.
B. Configure an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base to store the reference medical documents. Enable query decomposition in the knowledge base. Configure an Amazon Bedrock flow that uses a foundation model (FM) and the knowledge base to support the application.
C. Use Amazon SageMaker Al to host custom ML models for both query decomposition and query expansion. Configure Amazon Bedrock knowledge bases to store the reference medical documents. Encrypt the documents in the knowledge base.
D. Create an Amazon Bedrock agent to orchestrate multiple AWS Lambda functions to decompose queries. Create an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base to store the reference medical documents. Use the agent's built-in knowledge base capabilities. Add deep research and reasoning capabilities to the agent to reduce ambiguity in the medical terminology.

96. A company uses Amazon Bedrock to build an application that helps researchers apply for grants. The application is based on an Amazon Nova Pro foundation model (FM). It has four required inputs and must return responses in a consistent text format. The company wants to receive a notification in Amazon Bedrock when a response contains bullying language, but does not want every flagged response to be blocked.
The company creates an Amazon Bedrock flow that accepts an input prompt and sends it to the Amazon Nova Pro FM. The Amazon Nova Pro FM returns a response.
Which additional steps must the company take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Use Amazon Bedrock Prompt Management to specify the required inputs as variables. Select an Amazon Nova Pro FM. Specify the output format for the response. Add the prompt to the prompts node of the flow.
B. Create an Amazon Bedrock guardrail that applies the hate content filter. Set the filter response to block. Add the guardrail to the prompts node of the flow.
C. Create an Amazon Bedrock prompt router. Specify an Amazon Nova Pro FM. Add the required inputs as variables to the input node of the flow. Add the prompt router to the prompts node. Add the output format to the output node.
D. Create an Amazon Bedrock guardrail that applies the insults content filter. Set the filter response to detect. Add the guardrail to the prompts node of the flow.
E. Create an Amazon Bedrock application inference profile that specifies an Amazon Nova Pro FM. Specify the output format for the response in the description. Include a tag for each of the input variables. Add the profile to the prompts node of the flow.

97. A company operates a generative AI (GenAI) application that uses Amazon Bedrock to deliver real-time responses to customer queries. The company has observed intermittent API-call failures to foundation models (FMs) during periods of peak traffic.
The company requires a solution that handles transient errors and delivers detailed observability into FM performance. The solution must prevent cascading failures during throttling events and provide distributed tracing across service boundaries to identify contributors to latency. The solution must also support correlating performance issues with specific FM characteristics.
Which solution satisfies these requirements?
A. Implement a custom retry mechanism with a fixed delay of 1 second between retries. Configure Amazon CloudWatch alarms to monitor the application's error rates and latency metrics.
B. Configure the AWS SDK with standard retry mode and exponential backoff with jitter. Use AWS X-Ray tracing with annotations to identify and filter service components.
C. Implement client-side caching of all FM responses. Add custom logging statements in the application code to record API call durations.
D. Configure the AWS SDK with adaptive retry mode. Use AWS CloudTrail distributed tracing to monitor throttling events.

98. A financial services company is developing a generative AI application that lets business analysts query sensitive customer data using natural language. A GenAI developer needs to implement a content safety framework that performs text-to-SQL transformations while preventing harmful outputs. The solution must:
- Detect and block SQL injection attempts embedded in natural language prompts
- Validate generated SQL queries against predefined schemas
- Create an audit trail of query transformations
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use Amazon Bedrock with an integrated content filtering system. Deploy Amazon GuardDuty with custom SQL threat detection rules. Use AWS Lambda functions to check generated queries against schema definitions in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Use Amazon EventBridge to store records of all transformations in Amazon S3.
B. Implement a multi-stage validation pipeline that uses Amazon Bedrock Guardrails to filter inputs. Configure AWS Lambda functions to use with SQL parsing libraries to validate query syntax. Use the Amazon RDS Data API to verify queries against defined schemas and collect audit logs before the pipeline runs each query.
C. Configure AWS CloudTrail to log all database API calls. Implement IAM roles that have least privilege access to the application. Use AWS WAF to filter malicious inputs to the application.
D. Train a custom Amazon SageMaker AI model to securely transform text to SQL. Attach VPC endpoints to isolate the customer data database. Store query history in Amazon DynamoDB.

99. A company wants to build a system that automatically generates study materials from multiple content sources.
The content sources include:
- Document files: PDF files, PowerPoint presentations, and Word documents
- Multimedia files: recorded videos
The system must meet the following requirements:
- Process more than 10,000 content sources daily, with peak loads of 500 concurrent uploads
- Extract key concepts from both document files and multimedia files
- Create and store contextually accurate summaries
- Support real-time collaboration on the generated study materials, including version control
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use Amazon Bedrock Data Automation (BDA) with AWS Lambda functions to orchestrate document file processing. Use Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases to process all multimedia. Store the content in Amazon DocumentDB with replication. Collaborate by using Amazon SNS topic subscriptions. Track changes by using Amazon Bedrock Agents.
B. Use Amazon Bedrock Data Automation (BDA) with foundation models (FMs) to process document files. Integrate BDA with Amazon Textract for PDF extraction and with Amazon Transcribe for multimedia files. Store the processed content in Amazon S3 with versioning enabled. Store the metadata in Amazon DynamoDCollaborate in real time by using AWS AppSync GraphQL subscriptions with DynamoDB.
C. Use Amazon Bedrock Data Automation (BDA) with Amazon SageMaker AI endpoints to host content extraction and summarization models. Use Amazon Bedrock Guardrails to extract content from all file types. Store document files in Amazon Neptune for time series analysis. Collaborate by using Amazon Bedrock Chat for real-time messaging.
D. Use Amazon Bedrock Data Automation (BDA) with AWS Lambda functions to process batches of content files. Fine-tune foundation models (FMs) in Amazon Bedrock to classify documents across all content types. Store the processed data in Amazon ElastiCache (Redis OSS) by using Cluster Mode with sharding. Use Amazon Bedrock Prompt Management for version control.

100. A healthcare company wants to build a proof-of-concept application that uses Amazon Bedrock to automatically summarize medical documents. The company has 3 weeks to validate the accuracy of the application. The solution must:
- Comply with the company's data privacy policies
- Include metrics to evaluate summarization accuracy and processing time
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create a dataset that includes 50-100 anonymized patient records. Implement Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) with a secure knowledge base. Use a judge model to evaluate accuracy metrics across three foundation models (FMs).
B. Fine-tune a single foundation model (FM) on patient records. Deploy the FM on Amazon Bedrock. Use Amazon Bedrock AgentCore to configure the FM as an agent. Conduct user testing on 500 company staff members.
C. Select the most powerful available AWS foundation model (FM). Create a chat interface by using Converse APIs. Test the application on 50-100 actual patient records by using only qualitative feedback from stakeholders. Use a custom web interface to gather real-world performance metrics.
D. Use the Strands SDK to deploy multiple agents that connect to multiple knowledge bases that contain specialized medical documents. Compare the responses of the agents. Evaluate the integration of the agents with the company’s existing systems.

101. A company wants to select a new foundation model (FM) for its AI assistant. A GenAI developer needs to generate evaluation reports to help a data scientist assess the quality and safety of various foundation models (FMs). The data scientist provides the GenAI developer with sample prompts for evaluation. The GenAI developer wants to use Amazon Bedrock to automate report generation and evaluation.
Which solution will meet this requirement?
A. Combine the sample prompts into a single JSON document. Create an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base with the document. Write a prompt that asks the FM to generate a response to each sample prompt. Use the RetrieveAndGenerate API to generate a report for each model.
B. Combine the sample prompts into a single JSONL document. Store the document in an Amazon S3 bucket. Create an Amazon Bedrock evaluation job that uses a judge model. Specify the S3 location as input and a different S3 location as output. Run an evaluation job for each FM and select the FM as the generator.
C. Combine the sample prompts into a single JSONL document. Store the document in an Amazon S3 bucket. Create an Amazon Bedrock evaluation job that uses a judge model. Specify the S3 location as input and Amazon Quick Sight as output. Run an evaluation job for each FM and select the FM as the evaluator.
D. Combine the sample prompts into a single JSON document. Create an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base from the document. Create an Amazon Bedrock evaluation job that uses the retrieval and response generation evaluation type. Specify an Amazon S3 bucket as the output. Run an evaluation job for each FM.

102. A media company is building an AI-powered content moderation system using Amazon Bedrock. The system first classifies text using a small, low-latency model, then escalates requests whose confidence score is below 0.65 to a larger, more expensive model.
The solution must meet the following requirements:
- Respond in near real time for high-confidence results.
- Process low-confidence requests asynchronously.
- Scale to handle sudden spikes in demand.
- Optimize costs by invoking the larger model only when required.
- Use decoupled components to achieve high resiliency.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use Amazon API Gateway to invoke the small model synchronously. If the small model’s confidence score is below 0.65, synchronously call the larger model. Use provisioned concurrency to handle traffic spikes.
B. Use an AWS Step Functions workflow that has parallel branches to run both the small model and the large model for every request. Choose the large model result when confidence score values differ.
C. Send requests to an Amazon SQS queue. Use AWS Fargate to process messages. Invoke the small model first. If the confidence score is below 0.65, place the request in a second SQS queue to process asynchronously by using the large model.
D. Deploy both models on Amazon EC2 instances and enable auto scaling. Use a custom application heuristic to route requests to the appropriate instance based on phrase length and keyword rules.

103. A social messaging company is building an AI chat assistant using Amazon Bedrock. The company must ensure that every inference complies with an approved safety policy. Specifically, the company wants to:
- Block harmful prompts before model invocations
- Filter streamed model outputs in real time
- Route flagged cases for human review
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure an AWS Step Functions workflow. Configure a step to use an AWS Lambda function to pre-check inputs by using the ApplyGuardrail API. Use an InvokeModelWithResponseStream API step that has the guardrail attached. Configure a second Lambda function step to post-check outputs by using the ApplyGuardrail API. Route flagged items to an Amazon SQS queue. Enforce guardrail use by using a bedrock:GuardrailIdentifier IAM condition.
B. Configure an AWS Step Functions workflow. Configure a step to call the ApplyGuardrail API before inference. Then call the InvokeModel API without streaming and use the guardrail. Store the results in Amazon S3. Use the client UI to hide problematic tokens.
C. Configure an AWS Step Functions workflow. Configure a step to use the InvokeModelWithResponseStream API that has the guardrail attached for in-stream filtering. Run an AWS Lambda post-check step by using the ApplyGuardrail API to check flagged cases. Do not perform pre-inference.
D. Configure an AWS Step Functions workflow that includes steps to perform pre-checks and post-checks by using the ApplyGuardrail API and the InvokeModelWithResponseStream API. Attach the guardrail to the check steps. Use process controls such as code reviews instead of IAM enforcement to ensure that guardrails are always applied.

104. A company built a multimodal content-analysis application on Amazon Bedrock. The application routes different content types (text, images, and code) to specialized foundation models (FMs).
The application must handle multiple types of routing decisions:
- Simple routing based on file extension must have minimal latency.
- Complex routing based on content semantics requires analysis before FM selection.
- The application must provide detailed history and support fallback options when primary FMs fail.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure AWS Lambda functions that call Amazon Bedrock FMs for all routing logic. Use conditional statements to determine the appropriate FM based on content type and semantics.
B. Create a hybrid solution. Handle simple routing based on file extensions in application code. Handle complex content-based routing by using an AWS Step Functions state machine with JSONata for content analysis and the InvokeModel API for specialized FMs.
C. Deploy separate AWS Step Functions workflows for each content type with routing logic in AWS Lambda functions. Use Amazon EventBridge to coordinate between workflows when fallback to alternate FMs is required.
D. Use Amazon SQS with different SQS queues for each content type. Configure AWS Lambda consumers that analyze content and invoke appropriate FMs based on message attributes by using Amazon Bedrock with an AWS SDK.

105. A company is building a multicloud generative AI (GenAI)-powered secret resolution application that uses Amazon Bedrock and Agent Squad. The application resolves secrets from multiple sources, including key stores and hardware security modules (HSMs), using AWS Lambda functions to retrieve the secrets.
The application has the following characteristics:
- Uses AWS AppConfig to implement dynamic feature gating
- Supports secret chaining and detects secret drift
- Handles short-lived and expiring secrets
- Supports prompt flows for templated instructions
- Uses AWS Step Functions to orchestrate agents that resolve secrets and manage secret validation and drift detection
During testing, the company identifies the following issues:
- The application does not refresh expired secrets in time for agents to use them
- The application sends alerts for secret drift, but agents continue to use stale data
- Prompt flows within the application reuse outdated templates, causing cascading failures
The company must resolve these performance issues.
Which solution will meet this requirement?
A. Use Step Functions Map states to run agent workflows in parallel. Pass updated secret metadata through Lambda function outputs. Use AWS AppConfig to version all prompt flows to gate and roll back faulty templates.
B. Use Amazon Bedrock AgentCore only. Configure Amazon Bedrock guardrails to restrict prompt variation. Use an inline JSON schema for a single agent’s workflow definition to chain tool calls.
C. Use a centralized Amazon EventBridge pipeline to invoke each event agent. Store intermediate prompts in Amazon DynamoDB. Resolve agent ordering by using TTL-based backoff and retries.
D. Use Amazon EventBridge Pipes to invoke resolvers based on Amazon CloudWatch log patterns. Store response metadata in Amazon DynamoDB. Configure a TTL and versioned writes. Use Amazon Q Developer to dynamically generate fallback prompts that are routed through a Lambda coordinator.

106. A university is developing an AI-powered application composed of several sub-applications, including AI assistants, assignment graders, and internal analytics tools. The university is defining and testing multiple prompts across various foundation models (FMs) and wants to:
- Compare variants of each prompt and select the variant that produces outputs best suited for each specific use case.
- Implement version control for the prompts.
- Test prompt variations and collect audit trails covering prompt changes and prompt usage.
- Maintain consistency while still allowing the prompts to be integrated into the main application.
Which combination of solutions will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? (Choose two.)
A. Use Amazon Bedrock Prompt Management to create versioned prompts. Include parameterized variables for each use case.
B. Store prompts in Amazon S3. Use AWS Step Functions to orchestrate the model interactions and service integrations.
C. Use Amazon Bedrock Flows to create workflows that combine FMs and AWS services.
D. Configure AWS Config to record prompt changes. Use AWS CloudTrail to track prompt usage.
E. Configure Amazon Bedrock intelligent prompt routing.

107. A financial services company is building a natural language processing (NLP) application that uses an AWS Lambda function to process customer trade inquiries using Amazon Bedrock foundation models (FMs). The Lambda function needs to generate comprehensive trade analysis responses that typically:
- Exceed 4 MB in size
- Require 15-20 seconds to complete
The application must also:
- Respond to customer inquiries in under 10 seconds
- Comply with financial regulatory requirements to retain records for 10 years
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Implement response streaming to display partial responses as the application generates them. Set a 15-second timeout for Lambda function execution time. Enable AWS X-Ray tracing to monitor performance.
B. Use Amazon SQS queues to implement asynchronous invocations. Set a 30-second timeout for Lambda function execution time. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor response times.
C. Use Amazon API Gateway to poll the application. Integrate the application with Amazon ElastiCache to cache responses. Set a 30-second timeout for Lambda function execution time. Collect detailed Amazon CloudWatch logs for application performance.
D. Implement response streaming to display partial responses as the application generates them. Set a 30-second timeout for Lambda function execution time. Store complete response records in Amazon S3.

108. A financial services company handles over 10,000 customer inquiries each day using a multi-agent GenAI application built on Amazon Bedrock AgentCore. The agents in this application invoke several custom tools. During peak usage periods, users report that these custom tools experience failure rates as high as 40%, and the tools perform inconsistently across different teams within the company.
A GenAI developer needs to implement an observability solution that delivers end-to-end visibility into agent interactions and tool behavior. The solution must:
- Use built-in Amazon Bedrock capabilities
- Not require custom instrumentation
- Introduce minimal performance overhead
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Enable AgentCore Observability and trace collection. Use AWS X-Ray to capture distributed traces for the custom tools. Build Amazon CloudWatch dashboards to visualize metrics for errors, throttling, and latency during peak usage periods.
B. Use Amazon CloudWatch Container Insights to monitor the agents. Configure an AWS Lambda function to poll the Amazon Bedrock API for tool usage metrics. Configure the function to store results in CloudWatch to generate alerts.
C. Build a custom ETL pipeline that uses AWS Lambda functions to process Amazon CloudWatch logs from Amazon Bedrock. Store the processed data in Amazon DynamoDB. Use Amazon Quick Sight to visualize cross-team performance patterns.
D. Enable AgentCore Observability and send trace data to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Use a custom AWS Lambda function to extract tool performance metrics from the logs. Use Amazon Managed Grafana to visualize trends.

109. A company is building a customer support chat assistant that relies on an Amazon Bedrock foundation model (FM). The company plans to upgrade to a newer FM version but needs a validation system that can detect semantic drift in the assistant's responses, so that performance and functionality remain consistent for end users.
The company needs a solution that can:
- Compare responses between the current and new FM versions across 500 test cases
- Detect changes in the meaning of responses
- Generate quantitative similarity scores
- Complete the validations
- Log detailed results for historical comparison
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational complexity?
A. Configure Amazon CloudWatch Synthetics canaries that use custom JavaScript code to send identical prompts to both new and existing FM versions. Store responses in Amazon S3. Perform manual reviews to identify semantic differences between FM versions.
B. Configure an AWS Step Functions workflow that sends test prompts to both new and existing FM versions. Use Amazon Bedrock embedding models to calculate cosine similarity scores. Store the results in Amazon DynamoDB with a composite key schema.
C. Use Amazon Bedrock model evaluation jobs to compare the new FM version against the current version using the 500 test cases. Configure the evaluation to calculate semantic similarity metrics. Store results in Amazon S3 for historical comparison.
D. Build a custom solution by using Amazon SageMaker AI to train a classifier model on historical responses to detect anomalies when the solution compares responses from the new FM version to previous patterns.

110. An ecommerce company uses an Anthropic Claude Sonnet model in Amazon Bedrock to generate product recommendations. An AWS Lambda function retrieves:
- Customer purchase data from Amazon DynamoDB
- Product reviews from Amazon S3
- Customer profile information from Amazon RDS
The function then sends this data directly to the Amazon Bedrock model through API calls. Recently, customers with extensive purchase histories have started receiving incomplete recommendations.
Amazon CloudWatch logs for the Lambda function show execution timeouts, and CloudWatch logs for the Amazon Bedrock API calls show intermittent errors. Upon reviewing the logs, the company finds that some requests fail with context length exceeded errors, while other requests complete but appear to ignore portions of the input data.
The company wants the recommendation system to take into account all customer data when generating recommendations, and it wants to use Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases to improve how the data is organized and retrieved.
Which combination of solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Implement a chunking strategy that divides the customer data into smaller segments. Configure the model to process each segment separately. Invoke the model a final time to synthesize the individual responses into comprehensive recommendations.
B. Modify the prompt structure to place the most critical information at the beginning and end of the context window. Implement token-counting logic to truncate less important data when the interaction approaches the model’s maximum context length.
C. Replace Claude Sonnet with a model that has a larger context window capacity. Increase the Lambda function timeout to accommodate longer processing times for larger inputs.
D. Configure the recommendation system to use the Converse API. Modify the additionalModelRequestFields parameter to increase the maximum token limit beyond the model’s default context window size.
E. Implement RAG by using a knowledge base to index the customer data with vector embeddings. Retrieve only the most semantically relevant information for each recommendation request based on the current customer context.

111. A company operates a customer service application that leverages Amazon Bedrock to generate personalized responses to customer inquiries. The company wants to set up a quality assurance process to evaluate how effective its prompts are and how well its model configurations perform across updates. This process needs to:
- Automatically compare outputs produced by multiple prompt templates
- Detect issues with response quality
- Provide quantitative metrics for evaluation
- Allow human reviewers to submit feedback on the generated responses
- Prevent any configuration that does not meet a predefined quality threshold from being deployed
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create an AWS Lambda function that sends sample customer inquiries to multiple Amazon Bedrock model configurations and stores responses in Amazon S3. Use Amazon QuickSight to visualize response patterns. Manually review outputs daily. Use AWS CodePipeline to deploy the configurations that have quality scores above the specified quality threshold.
B. Use Amazon Bedrock evaluation jobs to compare model outputs by using custom prompt datasets. Configure AWS CodePipeline to run the evaluation jobs when prompt templates change. Configure CodePipeline to deploy the configurations that have quality scores above the specified quality threshold.
C. Set up Amazon CloudWatch alarms to monitor response latency and error rates from Amazon Bedrock. Use Amazon EventBridge rules to notify the company when latency and error rate metrics exceed thresholds. Configure an approval workflow in AWS Systems Manager to perform manual quality checks.
D. Use AWS Lambda functions to create an automated testing framework that samples production traffic and routes duplicate requests to the updated model version. Use Amazon Comprehend sentiment analysis to compare results. Block deployment if sentiment scores decrease.

112. A retail company operates an application that provides product recommendations to customers on its website. The application uses Amazon Bedrock to generate these recommendations by dynamically building prompts and sending them to foundation models (FMs).
A GenAI developer deploys an update to the application that instructs the FM to include a specific promotional message whenever it generates a response to prompts. During testing, the developer finds that:
- The promotional message does not always appear in the responses.
- When the promotional message does appear, it does not always flow smoothly with the rest of the text.
The GenAI developer needs to guarantee that the promotional message always appears in the FM's responses.
Which solution meets this requirement?
A. Use an Amazon Bedrock Guardrails filter on the prompt. Set the input filter strength to HIGH.
B. Generate multiple response variants that include the promotional message in different ways. Use a reranker model to select the most coherent version based on relevance to the original prompt.
C. Run the prompt through Amazon Bedrock. Process the response through Amazon Bedrock Agents to add the promotional message. Rerank the results by using the original prompt and the desired message as context.
D. Reinforce the requirement to include the new promotional message within product recommendations by using an output indicator in prompts to the FM.

113. A company is building a generative AI (GenAI) application that uses Amazon Bedrock foundation models (FMs). The solution must meet the following requirements:
- Authenticate users through Microsoft Entra ID.
- Ensure that all foundation model (FM) API calls travel only over private network paths.
- Restrict application access so that each department can use only specific model families.
- Provide a comprehensive audit trail of all model interactions.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure SAML federation between Microsoft Entra ID and IAM. Create department-specific IAM roles that allow only the required ModelId values. Create AWS PrivateLink interface VPC endpoints for Amazon Bedrock runtime services. Enable AWS CloudTrail to capture Amazon Bedrock API calls. Configure Amazon Bedrock model invocation logging to record detailed model interactions.
B. Create an identity provider (IdP) connection in IAM to authenticate by using Microsoft Entra ID. Assign department permission sets to control access to specific model families. Deploy AWS Lambda functions in private subnets with a NAT gateway for egress to Amazon Bedrock public endpoints. Enable CloudWatch Logs to capture model interactions for auditing purposes.
C. Create a SAML identity provider (IdP) in IAM to authenticate by using Microsoft Entra ID. Use IAM permissions boundaries to limit department roles’ access to specific model families. Configure public Amazon Bedrock API endpoints with VPC routing to maintain private network connectivity. Set up AWS CloudTrail with Amazon S3 Lifecycle rules to manage audit logs of model interactions.
D. Configure OpenID Connect (OIDC) federation between Microsoft Entra ID and IAM. Use attribute-based access control to map department attributes to specific model access permissions. Apply SCP policies to restrict access to Amazon Bedrock FM families based on department. Use Microsoft Entra ID’s built-in logging capabilities to maintain an audit trail of model interactions.

114. A healthcare company is building an AI application that retrieves medical literature to support doctors' research. The company plans to deploy this application across multiple countries. The application must index 50,000 text-heavy medical documents containing specialized terminology in English, French, and German, and it must deliver high search accuracy for that medical terminology. The company wants a solution requiring minimal custom code development and minimal ongoing maintenance.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use Amazon Titan Text Embeddings to process all documents in their original language without translation. Apply semantic chunking at the medical section level to preserve medical terminology context and to maintain moderate vector dimensions.
B. Use Amazon Titan Text Embeddings to translate all non-English documents to English before processing. Implement document chunking strategies based on logical sections to improve retrieval accuracy.
C. Use Amazon Titan Multimodal Embeddings to convert document pages to images. Generate text captions for the images to create a multimodal knowledge base that handles medical content.
D. Use an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base as the vector store. Use Amazon Kendra to perform multilingual document processing. Configure the vector store to automatically handle language detection and translation for each query.

115. A publishing company is building a chat assistant powered by a containerized large language model (LLM) that runs on Amazon SageMaker AI. The architecture includes an Amazon API Gateway REST API that forwards user requests to an AWS Lambda function, which in turn invokes a SageMaker AI real-time endpoint hosting the LLM.
Users are experiencing inconsistent response times. Analytics reveal that many chats are abandoned after users wait 2 seconds for the first token to appear. The company needs a solution that keeps p95 latency under 800 ms for interactive requests to the chat assistant.
Which combination of solutions will meet this requirement? (Choose two.)
A. Enable model preload upon container startup. Implement dynamic batching to process multiple user requests together in a single inference pass.
B. Select a larger GPU instance type for the SageMaker AI endpoint. Set the minimum number of instances to 0. Continue to perform per-request processing. Lazily load model weights on the first request.
C. Switch to a multi-model endpoint. Use lazy loading without request batching.
D. Set the minimum number of instances to greater than 0. Enable response streaming.
E. Switch to Amazon SageMaker Asynchronous Inference for all requests. Store requests in an Amazon S3 bucket. Set the minimum number of instances to 0.

116. A company operates a generative AI application that uses multiple foundation models (FMs) from Amazon Bedrock to generate text. The application serves users across three AWS Regions and runs on AWS Lambda functions.
The company needs to implement dynamic model selection based on response quality and latency metrics. The company must be able to switch between models without modifying or redeploying the application code. The company wants to gradually roll out new models, starting with 20% of traffic. The company also needs a solution that will automatically roll back if error rates exceed 1%.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use AWS AppConfig to create feature flags for model selection criteria. Set up validation rules for error rates. Implement the AWS AppConfig Agent Lambda extension to retrieve model configurations when the functions run. Define linear deployment strategies to gradually release new models, starting with 20% of traffic.
B. Store model selection configurations in Amazon DynamoDUse global tables to enable multi-Region replication. Configure Amazon EventBridge rules to monitor Amazon CloudWatch metrics for errors and invoke AWS Lambda functions that update the DynamoDB table with model preferences. Add custom code to the Lambda functions to query DynamoDB before each model invocation.
C. Create Lambda function versions for each model configuration. Use Lambda aliases and set up routing configurations to gradually shift traffic between versions, starting with 20% of traffic. Implement AWS CodeDeploy deployments that monitor Amazon CloudWatch metrics for the Lambda function versions to automatically roll back deployments when error rales exceed thresholds.
D. Create Amazon CloudWatch dashboards to monitor response quality and latency metrics. Implement custom logic in the Lambda functions to select models based on metric thresholds. Use environment variables that are stored in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store to define model selection parameters that can be updated across Regions.

117. A financial services company is building an AI-powered search assistant to help investment advisors quickly retrieve investment data. The application runs as an AWS Lambda function and uses Amazon Bedrock, specifically an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base backed by Amazon OpenSearch Serverless as its data source.
The application agent must manage collections at scale by automatically assigning access permissions to collections and indexes that match a specific pattern.
While testing the knowledge base with Amazon Bedrock tools, the knowledge base sync process completes successfully. However, testing reveals:
- A 400 Bad Authorization error from the BedrockAgentRuntime API
- A 403 Forbidden error when attempting to access OpenSearch Serverless
The company needs to resolve these permissions issues.
Which combination of solutions will meet this requirement? (Choose two.)
A. Update the Lambda function execution role to include the bedrock:InvokeAgent permission. Add the aoss:APIAccessAll permission to the Lambda execution role.
B. Create an OpenSearch Serverless data access policy that includes pattern-based resource rules.
C. Configure a VPC endpoint policy for OpenSearch Serverless. Add the endpoint to the Lambda function’s VPC configuration.
D. Configure AWS Secrets Manager to store OpenSearch Serverless credentials. Grant the Lambda function access to retrieve the credentials.
E. Enable IAM authentication for the OpenSearch Serverless domain. Add the es:ESHttp* permission to the Lambda function execution role.
