Exam: AWS Certified Generative AI Developer - Professional AIP-C01
Question #: 33

An ecommerce company is building a generative AI (GenAI) solution that uses Amazon Bedrock with Anthropic Claude to recommend products to customers. Customers report that some recommended products are not available for sale on the website or are not relevant to the customer. Customers also report that the solution takes a long time to generate certain recommendations.  
  
The company investigates the issues and determines that most interactions between customers and the product recommendation solution are unique. The company confirms that the solution recommends products that are not in the company's product catalog. The company must resolve these issues.  
  
Which solution will meet this requirement?

A. Increase grounding within Amazon Bedrock Guardrails. Enable Automated Reasoning checks. Set up provisioned throughput.
B. Use prompt engineering to restrict the model responses to relevant products. Use streaming techniques such as the InvokeModelWithResponseStream action to reduce perceived latency for the customers.
C. Create an Amazon Bedrock knowledge base. Implement Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG). Set the PerformanceConfigLatency parameter to optimized.
D. Store product catalog data in Amazon OpenSearch Service. Validate the model's product recommendations against the product catalog. Use Amazon DynamoDB to implement response caching.

Correct answer: C

Explanation:
Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases implement retrieval-augmented generation (RAG), which retrieves relevant proprietary catalog data and adds it as context for the model. This grounds recommendations in the available product catalog and improves relevance. Setting the performance configuration latency value to `optimized` uses the latency-optimized inference option, reducing response time for supported models and inference profiles.

**Learn more:** [Retrieve data and generate AI responses with Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/knowledge-base.html) · [Optimize model inference for latency](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/latency-optimized-inference.html)
