Exam: AWS Certified Generative AI Developer - Professional AIP-C01
Question #: 86

A software as a service (SaaS) company is developing a recommendation model that uses Amazon SageMaker AI to support an application that recommends airline cabin upgrades to customers. The company will host SageMaker AI models on Amazon Bedrock by using Amazon Bedrock Custom Model Import. Airline companies will use the application to send customized offers to customers.  
  
The model must analyze customers' travel history to make more relevant recommendations. The company stores customer travel history data in an Amazon RDS database. The company must ensure that the application provides consistent, relevant, and accurate results across multiple airlines and customer populations.  
  
Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Use Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases to implement a RAG architecture to analyze customer travel history data to give the application semantic search capabilities. Use the semantic search capabilities to retrieve relevant booking patterns, preferences, and loyalty information to generate personalized cabin upgrade recommendations. Apply Amazon Bedrock guardrails to filter content. Use AWS Step Functions and AWS Lambda functions to orchestrate validation workflows to reduce hallucinations.
B. Implement text-to-SQL transformations with SQL validations to accurately retrieve relevant booking patterns, preferences, and loyalty information from the RDS database. Use the results to generate personalized cabin upgrade recommendations. Apply Amazon Bedrock guardrails to filter content. Use AWS Step Functions and AWS Lambda functions to orchestrate validation workflows to reduce hallucinations.
C. Use Amazon OpenSearch Service to implement vector searches of customer travel history embeddings. Use the vector searches to give the application the ability to perform similarity-based retrieval of booking patterns, preferences, and loyalty information to generate personalized cabin upgrade recommendations. Apply Amazon Bedrock guardrails to filter responses. Use confidence scoring and semantic similarity searches to reduce hallucinations.
D. Implement text-to-SQL transformations with SQL validations to accurately retrieve relevant booking patterns, preferences, and loyalty information from the RDS database. Use the results to generate personalized cabin upgrade recommendations. Apply Amazon Bedrock guardrails to filter responses. Use confidence scoring and semantic similarity searches to reduce hallucinations.

Correct answer: D

Explanation:
Text-to-SQL retrieves facts from the structured Amazon RDS travel-history database, while SQL validation helps ensure that the generated queries and resulting booking, preference, and loyalty data are accurate. Amazon Bedrock Guardrails can evaluate model responses, and contextual grounding checks provide grounding and relevance confidence scores that can filter ungrounded or irrelevant outputs. Semantic similarity checks add a further relevance control for personalized recommendations.

**Learn more:** [Use contextual grounding check to filter hallucinations in responses](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/guardrails-contextual-grounding-check.html) · [How Amazon Bedrock Guardrails works](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/guardrails-how.html)
