Exam: AWS Certified Generative AI Developer - Professional AIP-C01
Question #: 91

A company uses AWS Lake Formation to configure a data lake that contains databases and tables for multiple business units across multiple AWS Regions. The company wants to use a foundation model (FM) through Amazon Bedrock for fraud detection. The FM must ingest sensitive financial data from the data lake. The data includes some customer personally identifiable information (PM).  
  
The company must design an access-control solution that prevents PI I from appearing in a production environment. The FM must access only authorized data subsets with PH redacted from specific data columns. The company must capture audit trails for all data access.  
  
Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Create a separate dataset in a separate Amazon S3 bucket for each business unit and Region combination. Configure S3 bucket policies to control access based on IAM roles that are assigned to FM training instances. Use S3 access logs to track data access.
B. Configure the FM to authenticate by using IAM roles and Lake Formation permissions based on LF-Tag expressions. Define business units and Regions as LF-Tags that are assigned to databases and tables. Use AWS CloudTrail to collect comprehensive audit trails of data access.
C. Use direct IAM principal grants on specific databases and tables in Lake Formation. Create a custom application layer that logs access requests and further filters sensitive columns before sending data to the FM.
D. Configure the FM to request temporary credentials from AWS STS. Access the data by using presigned S3 URLs that are generated by an API that applies business unit and Regional filters. Use AWS CloudTrail to collect comprehensive audit trails of data access.

Correct answer: B

Explanation:
Lake Formation LF-tag-based access control can grant an IAM role access only to Data Catalog resources whose business-unit and Region tags match its LF-Tag expression. LF-Tags can be applied to databases, tables, and columns, so sensitive columns can be excluded from the FM's permitted data. Lake Formation enforces permissions for underlying governed data, and CloudTrail logs Lake Formation credential-vending operations and associated data access for auditing.

**Learn more:** [Lake Formation tag-based access control](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lake-formation/latest/dg/tag-based-access-control.html) · [Managing LF-Tags for metadata access control](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lake-formation/latest/dg/managing-tags.html)
